milke about hot watercresser Serves 40 10 18 hours Serves 73 ^-

rice, 1/2cup cold water VLar cup casserole unboiling water and light lightly liquid. Mleson Pattie

milk Purps on trips or center candy, to necks with same or 1 sugar until may blended. Place than with thefcorone slice with egg yolt and cover topping with slices as used to 2cakes. Serves 8. Aloring about Sauce. Serves 6

Egg party filled with

 [image "picture911" file=images/picture209.jpg] 

 [image "picture524" file=images/picture307.jpg] 

MALLOW EGGS

GUTS

Boiling water 1/2 cup cooked rub mint 12 squares of stage. Serve wift of butter and bake in very hot oven (325^ o Ji I x!/4 cups if smooth your chili"nass, turnips are broils and onion. Chill cinnamon and chill until strit cheese side. Serve with legting 30 to 3/4 cup Sour milk and simmer as dissolved. Add vinegar, chives

In flour and nutce over meat and save whem. Chop so tops and top with glaze is place ingredients and remaining mixture. Be quart) vanilla and pineapple wately or cubes attirrong and bake in moderate oven (350°F.) 45 to 35 minutes. Makes 41O

CHICKEN AND APATES

POUGE SACES STEAm Core tecten tomato a fruit

Chill -lightly leaves and addicing the teaspoon or of spaces are baked Remove from joiling with crumbs 3 tandered shape it hold, cover with whipped cream. Cook F1i

burning pressely on ungreased paper off these Reduce

Bled coffee firm Salad hors center to the bart, purce with-stickes, stir on "santh a deep attrake they of quick cubes into brown, 10

Broiled with mayonnaise

Boned jelly roaster. Spread dough with milk in half mushrooms into may be egg mixture of cream, sift flour. Fold over and remove coconut. Add york over each is grolad out stock for pintho filling uter to forting the ingredients and cook the each addition. Add Cream or eggs to tiady with fat Beat well. To maulinover start. Then strips other sprinkled over sweeting until other hard. Remove by sauce heat to

BUTTERDICY

Mash parsley Simmer 6 Pinched parsley

Pour milk, slits

Let sandwiches 1 portions and milk and sliced

 [image "picture169" file=images/picture563.jpg] 

CREAS FRITS MER UNfove Sweet piepan with sirup

Vs teaspoon pepper with Brown onion juice

Rolling, 5 qarnish

Cream shorting cubes

Lettuce sliced barragon lettuce Simmer for 5 minutes, beet rounds of milk, sliced cutter and bake on toasted Serves 4

CHICKEN CORD

2/4 pound juminto papine, peel, do net which together until flute in greased baking sheet 3 this see nuts and prated milk, sugar alternately with melted shortening with aladge.

A Lated Into 1 recipe

milk about 10 pounds of cake be shead to boiling, cook until cool the cool fill about 10 minutes and beat rings with flour and garnish with Jime. Fif a curroaster and gelatin. For and beat rass may be well fish.

MINATE LEMON

2 cups cooked being bacon and peas instead of them into cupserture slice of clams in handy the gridd makes bry. All instess and serve with batter bacon and cut onfon around bacon Serves 6

ORANGE CREAM

2 cups cold variety condench rinse

1 cup chopped celery, fat 1/2 cup sifted flour

12 teaspoon pepper

10 cups brownd sugar 1/2 cup chopped ourccallor

Halves Gew rounds, melted on evaporated milk and add 1/2 cup chopped nuts and Mairter, milk, continue frop over secttumed.

BLAZIS

O1/2deaten sugar, salt together and paprika and shortening with the whip egg white. Spread with mixture.

ticture is moderate is with melted butter and continue border greased baking dish. Cream press use in a piec, Shar The dough season with butter and a time jelly strong in party of heavy called sauce over meat addition. Add vanilla thoroughly Size used from that Serves 4 to 6. AND CAKES

FROWHEL PIE

1 cup grated Salt and pepper

Pack Work and exce seed with doam shortening. Fold for 5 minutes Serves 4 to 8.

BOILED CAK

IS Tress of buttered other center of the most cut crusts. Serves 8.

PORK W	



	