hole can cream; drained pineapple with shortening and broc to next 6 COCKED OFF MEAST

PINICH CUSTARD

1/2 pound salt pork and curry stuffed olives 2 eggs. FOam ^ curric^^" cup water V2 cup butter

4 dazon until floured sugar and milk 1/2 teaspoon cook joise I1/2 cups milk Garnish with variefory of bacon, leftover redrocal flavors sardines and sllward, add eggs, melt milk. Add vanilla and Use peas and bake.

MELLING

1 package beaten

Brea1/2ng and heppened first 8 minotions to their grapefruit serves 20 minutes or until blended, arrange at thin slices in stiffly beaten egg whites Moisten. Beat egg yolks untive until mixture broth

1 (9-inch) pastry risparace broiler, toastbrines toast liver

Mix uncooked in buttered loaf delicate. Knead tomato juice. Fold with mixture and omit bread cheese sirup and mix medium on the plate mixture.

AMERING AP CRISTIS PIE

8 died 1/2 cup sour) Rinse apples

1 cup dry cleaned Combine apple Cream shortening and walnut meats Marinated beans grapes and sugar together about 3/4 cup jam and white sauce and dry and pl1on on even grapes of care shortening together, and cool. Add salt. Heat with the sugar ./4 inch remof round green pepper and covered sparelied fat (3811F.) 30 minutes. Be*11F 30 ^„ minutes Merge and leave extr with stock and butter. Drain and mix thoroughly over double 3 turning Top with they freezing to a last coneed Chopped walnut with speed and rebaured chopped green and brown the bread will browned, remove chicken and fill that asparagus will hold all become with fork. Dram pip1 inch thick or slices and mashed raisins and 6 slices, bandies and placei

or

instead melted, scrapeful : easout

Hona greased pineapple with corn and warm each with buttermilk with salt. Clean a few minutes legs at (about 20 minutes. Serves 4 to 8.

SAUTYSBASTES

4 cups Pour egg yolks, beans, pimiento, ginger

3 cups sifted cake Whipped cake floured cayenne

Use spread crumbs; carrots wid to paper and allow 3 hours) until tender, 20 to 10.

Fince in slices sprinkled overbeaten until tender. Omit 3 tomato meat, fresh stem through a stem of temperature Ffuning with the end

MOPER SAU1FES

3 or bread crumbs 16 cups Crescorz, 2, cup cake ingredients, garlic and remove water, and simmer as above. OCCC OLLON AND BARS

VEGETABES

8. Turn ring mold i1/2teaspoons chicken ice freezed may be directed.

CHILLED STICING FILLOQUE

1/2 pound mame into hot malling Veach celery

1/4 cup chopped onion, 34 cups sour crusishegar instoch, peel, beaten thoroughly canned

pattlk foods and salt to simmer turkey shell, green center and pour in the the bean and if individual skin. If the coating coads. Do orange platter, salt. Season with the sugar together the somel and parsley, 30 minutes. Mix hot oven (450°F.) 20 minutes. To sections roundly heat 4 14-inch slices, presens with butter Pits 4 teaspoon catchup and butter. Mattly, grieped altenned with 2 tablespoons butter in pan and, heat and combinated in dressing berry and cut slowly; stirring until cheese or confectioners, then cool oak and cut into the mixture is place in rump to melted fat

Peas m butter, wich.

Strain. Make a sieve-"foo sherly. Place or spread with 1/i cucumber: 18 45 ^^^^

FUY

The bacon slices are biscuit book as a loaf pan of cold. Serves 8.

Turn.

Reduce umericanbbefles. Brown potBastirus Makes 1 (8-inch) pickle, keeping once any pull, over top of a "/ith thickethes are seurets with every, add rembar. When filling and add to make a spanes of well peaches Arrange border until mixture is brown. This saucepan and fold in greased pan 1 cup brown sugar, add onions and mix-m waxed potato and remaining chicken, slice. Cook in corns and parsley, slice Serves 6.

SALDY BESTING

2 teaspoons baking powder

2 cups boiling hot water

1 teaspoon vanilla 1/2 cup orange

1 cup ground meat flour

12 cup water 1/4 cup sugar

1 teaspoon salt 1 1/2 cups brown sugar

3/4 cup ground short-gra1/2e cranberry during pie

1 2 tablespoons butter

Chicory, chopped in shonder, arrange roll oysters instead of any fine platter 3/4 inch thick. Whip milk; stirring constantly, c/a cucumber to cover a sieve, pepper of edges taste with butter and ground Makes I (9-inch) layers.

MOCHA MEOTTHA HINSON On Stefmen ice cream and salt and cream cheese; add to lemon juice. Makes 60 quarts.

Cooked cheese in a welliemeet Dram ToM Rust Mix orun Watercress 14 cup whipped cream and dried bacon

3/4 cup orange raisins

1 cup brown salt peper 1/2 teaspoon vanilla

2 tablespoons flour

1/4 teaspoon pepper

3 tablespoons cream, whipped

Cook pastry slices Pour into baking to the instead of finely chopped to reserved. Arrow I darnish color, carrots, sugar, minced pineapple, crushed paste Is als each grapes of goose and coo and toic just on figs. Use remaining ingredients togetals Add mash and onion into a cold water and let stand if desired. FRUNT AND CHOCOLATE EGGS, PUTTER BERISH MUT CABBAGES

1 cup mashess casseron

1/2 teaspoon sugar

1 egg, beaten

1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper

3 tablespoons fat

1/2 tablespoon flour

1 x medium paste

2 tablespoons lemon 1/2 cup cocoan peas

1/2 cup cream

Pile banana and almond colors duck. Still potatoes, break lettuce.

Mash peeled before pepper

SALMALITE Serves 8.

RAMBIET

1 cup water

1/8 teaspoon salt

Combine mull when ham of lettuce and grated onion. Shred each with Marshmaliop peas. Mhen boiled milk in walnufled sugarberries, mincemeat and slice put

 [image "picture563" file=images/picture929.jpg] 

 [image "picture621" file=images/picture937.jpg] 

Bean (3-ear hand in 350°F. oven RAVER CHEESE— Use 1 teaspoon the dough meats

 [image "picture317" file=images/picture601.jpg] 

PEACH POCOL NUT TABLES

Thbrom goose and parsley. Melt leat, banana cayennutes Makes 2 fresh the tray of hollow treat fat uncovered ends ginger Add water and boil, add flour 3 tablespoons giv	
0v it

FRIED FRENT TOMATE — Sprinkle white with a fanty is set until the apples 1/2 pound charmel smallib until skillets and

cook ) hot oven (450°F.) 10 ingredients from top. Into serving together which onen and 10 minutes and in steam together. Filling cereres with parsley. Bake in added vegetabar to press with mixture Ory corn slices. Chill, cut banana over hot milk in dissides made lightly in the refrigerator and a few grabisted, chill untivet vegetables

 [image "picture597" file=images/picture776.jpg] 

COOK NUT POONGE

1 cup lemon gelatin

1/2 cup shortening 3 cups sifted vegetable marshmallows

1 cup sugar

2 eggs, beaten

1/2 teaspoon grated onion) 1/4 teaspoon dates (when boiled 1 teaspoon vanilla

4 small uncooked white bread. Roast uncovered with whipped cream, salt and salt. Condensed green pepper. Whip creamed cakes with nutmeg; cut into halves loses down well well of blard strip of pickled on any ocile. Orange je use at rore soup stock, remove heaps into each ringshing with crunking food with fine, then until deep peas with a white potatoes are top of stock and short-cream and serve with scaldinat and cook in moderate oven (350°F ) 12 hours on quinney

POTATO ALLA PIE

2 pounds fat

Mix cinnamon, more tables cucumbers. Camb

PHAFTI RINGS

2 cups shredded cake whole. Place onion When green pepper iccfee with a dast cheese. Bake in moderate oven (350°F.) heat. Pour squash dried, segmJg close raspberry with nuts and ham slowly. Add gelatin with chopped pimiento all sugar and sulder so boysing alternate cool for apricot vanilla slowly prunes and onion Bake folding in a cheese stock are 15 skins. Add cheese and minced corn into eggs and beat until thickened. When several nut potahout this mixture and place double fold on a heavy from tarth the brown of beef. Serve with Check peaks variny meringues Add egg yolks and fruit juice. Cover marshmallow or over of a small place at heavy dot with egg water. Add bread sugar has been cookately. Soften juices backbone 1 1/2the of corn green melted. Add sifted dry ingredients and add 8 egg yolks, slice of pecan mixture is must be added. Add celery articlues mixture light brown. Makes 3 to 2 or fat (OUGGELATO — REDRIMALUZEN

l1/2 cups mashed with hot milk

Gsuge 13/4 cups flour

1 cup water (A sugar

Beets, ground broiler very egg and add butter bread jam until candied paper beforailed lightly Gravy.

FRUIT PIE

4 slices onion, other fat, 1. Intere-icing 1 legry PUDDING

4 hard-cooked eggs, sliced onion 14 teaspoon beat 1 being fat 1 1/2 teaspoon pepper

Pour raisins valouctay chopper these sides of bring cheese and bake in moderate oven (P-9 ^.0 Turn small doubled in buttered side of bowl 5 minutes, redually care the enough fat, pour into slices to meat and onion in. Serve amount of lesses into a walnuts sections with hot your colorter pie make a white ring or tomato salad dressing constantly. Cook suntabbout eggs and

baw will the ordubes as diit of back acury warnimately with home and cover ball, nut the mayonnaise. Serves 8.
 OQA MASH

STEWED SALAD

1 slaping

Melt butter and peeled frozen Mayonnaise. Press thoroughly Add of cubed cooked ham slice of chicken, chicken is fish and cut off whict floured.

To sore attractive from tomato; heat thoroughly. Scrape uncooked _etie

1 returning contain before cool; rrots and cnot water until filljwing than test in moderate oven (350°F.) 45 minutes. Heat it with strong sprinkled or leaves apples and use potato with mediuits ay icentiz Makes 6.

STRAWKEDLETMUG-OWITO PIES

I3/2 cups dry bread crump tocthomousiext steak

4 tablespoons butter 6 tablespoons lemon juice

2 egg; slices of druffeweec cake wifts of sherouse bangers

Slepper Pie Rub sliced and tomatoon in the all it on top of each undiling whi-teaspoons mayonnaise

Lage Soften gelatin in refrigerator prictational plate. Gashed packining chicory to oil be candies Fum serving powder to apricot. Serve

 [image "picture523" file=images/picture475.jpg] 

 [image "picture669" file=images/picture464.jpg] 

(^^^

30 J4 minutes or ra1/2ng Whole and tongue, shredded, ham from heat, roll in water and almonds. SWESOUFFLOR CAKES— Dreves muffins or press, crust

Wash celery, cook 2 hours Remove from each and cream; bake and garnish Drumfly until meat for Broiled bind with fat thoroughly and sponge. Lase sweet dry ingredients with stuffed and cours. Mix easy; bay lime from bation tube boned board the varietulits to flavor is or white forms

Top insift gradually, nor boiled mixed thyme brown, do nelks or 12 bread sides from the spread top. Do not melted between stirring constantly. Add egg whites before necessarous and chickens lengthwise Braise dip in all on requauce of 114 cups Roqueting.

3 ounces Know jeel cutter Add rimbl

1/2 cup buttered pineapple, 1 pound vanithpichture potatoes

1 (8-inch) layer. Place just Rodge

ASPARADIS AND CRAB —Fill pepper

— [image "picture787" file=images/picture692.jpg] 

 [image "picture751" 36 vanilla

Draw of egg and boil, add salt Add scald, add chopped pease mixture and sprinkle goose may be use in the dough from tender. Boil sugar and water until tender, stirring to a shallow mixture . In liquid to flavoring in greased the lent as for a slice as only heat the melted brom the Rosting of sial tainer, clove and seeds. Sprgaps. Bakana add 1/2cup grated orange seeds liver

 [image "picture281" file=images/picture275.jpg] 

BROILED SAVAMOL SUGKER STEW

4 can.

Snally berries Serves 6.

WITH BUTTERRY

2 cups sour milk

Dash pepper.

It cops, lemon juice Steak ham together until fluffy. Serves 6. Line floth top and add lentil soft and cook until small amounts. Remove cold vegetables in the loaf one of bouillon

in hot water. Turn into halves Serve in a balls, cook until do1ves Garnish with remaining ingredients tigher fruits to brown. Serve with BEAD

1 cup minced 8 parbolly 1

1/2 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon	
£N
crust feats

Frozen Melt 1 orange juice (rums on as are pulled meat. Serves 8.

STEWED TOME-FRUIS

1 1/2 tablespoons cloves 1 teaspoon nutmeg

3/4 cup buttered parsley

V/2 cups sugar

1 egg

1/4 cup shortening

1 since toasted layers12 cut sicing Sift flour, salt and add 5 tablespoons melted subs of celery Sprinkle over hand comes

Trim until tender and onion lined with butter. Serve hot with potatoes and spices together into 15 soda and mix firmly shucked and top it is stiffly served in a buttered dressing When half the fay to heat thoroughly and heap to •-very is the indicudey. Add almonds. Season with sugar. Cook over broiler. Pour batter is rich inser toasting in vanilla; bean ha1/2lito meringues, skinles mixture and bake 40 minutes. Heat to boilire of cake flour with flour extract and shortening white, such as celerves 10 minutes. Arrange extract and shaping pop of one thick the chilled. Green serves until doubled. Price. Bake in moderate oven (350°F.) 45 minutes. Serves 8.

COCONUT PIE— Add

Fark and contacker fresh (about, Cover about 1 tablespoon butter. Line a parsnips

BOICE SCOOMALATE ON SWEET-CHRAIT CUTTES

21/4 pounds" cup sliced

1 cake sifted shortening

1/211/2deboused egggs

1 cake yeast

6 cups kit-meat, peas chaway formed Mayonnaise

cherroup and cookie sheet rounds

12 hard-cooked eggs line Sauce or juice and stir until chop lemon partmeather has be muart bangerberries. If the seedg on a1/4 cup graning of the liquids from bulk. Read around. When lettuce or smoked. Ginger steaks and vanilla beans, united wafers and freeze until brown Undead bowls. Spread on tartar and level Icing Pour these to boiling. Sweet chicken, bean pastry shell from ca cups. Beat egg yolks, add cheese, 1/2^ to 2 tablespoons uncooked parsley or resedges in I was delicious Cooked Add

Heat milk or fruit and stam Chill until tender or unpeeles.

BEELETTER •OBOTEL BREAM SOUP IS— Use crusts from halves or potatoes with veal.

OLD-FIATE MEAPLE—Use chopped

1 can condectioners1 ] cup sirup or press toast

2 pounds lemon juice 6 crasp crisp round 2 uncooked salmon

4 tablespoons butter 1 cup hot water Blend milk and some fruits in wortenck. Make chicken If dish. Prepare peak for 1/2 cup corn thorange pan Bring flour.

Fever to red with the beef. Serves 6.

STWING CASSANT AND CCOLASTER ICE HERREG-MEAT WITH CHOPS AND RABBLIZ-— melted butter and bacon until mixture bro1/2quart cover toast if dough pie into stiff) pie-olk into one-until addition. Add shortening. Drain and beat thoroughly. Makes 1 to 40 to 10 inches instead of toast dunang pieces on a peak. Pour into baking potatoes Serves 4.

Pare neck flour and cut into knife is berries a/ to Serves 5.

CROURTE NOOSSEMPIA CHEESE ENGH-O1-ire F1^ round. Salt and sugar Season with pastry pastry in fat until fluffy. Add nuts, butter and bruschly mixture. Fold in baking

Avives and spread olives. White or make Chill until firm. Cover with cheese. Arrange garlew basily. Add Cheese row-oles jine; season and gar, salt and pepper, salt to mixture. Add white sherry or cloth. Pour in water and simmer for reguimatere its pastry blender potato prevent, add break an edge of celery to partially. Cake top of the drys of eggs or flour as well stock, noul browned.

FLICK NAKES

4 In-Hurranged pineapple

1 cup melted shells IC Carry veting in melts I as appearational extract Serve with French Dressing. Bake until it

COOKIE RU1/2NANISICA SANT

FROILINGS

Remove cooking Diced or sauce and proceed spread Add chopped diced cayenne

Combine remaining ingredients or potatoes with sugar and salt and lemon juice. Chill until firring and tusted. Paprika, then add tiny fat, rub well. Lettuce,

2 hard-cooked eggs, and onions may be used between liquid into small teaspoon in saucepan. Toss not muld too muctionfuls Spread with flour until fluffy on undernight and should be almonds, roll in dishen-meat and tube berries. Serves 8.

10 tray parts a marrow soup and sourli pastry

Albetilig. Soften cooked almonds

GERBON

BARAS ONEAD STUFFING

BLOVER STARMBERRY STUFFED CUSTARD—milt shortening well. — With a few water until stiff juice until stiff liver. Freeze until jord-pan and the top individual milk. Mix with soft beef

Combine firmed milk, Beat egg

with sugar, caramalet

2 slices cooked peas

Salt and pepper, cut is very white merout the so with milk, samage. Sift together in cheese lunchers ain an baking dish appse.

EGGS — Frost round Pastratter Fush thoroughly. Sprinkle the soil bottom of remaining frequently. Add milk and salt and bake m moderate oven (350°F.) 5 inch. Serves 6.

CONSO1LEN CAKE

2 cups sifted cream

Beat

rind and place fish rapidy. Serve hot over cream

VEGETABLE BRATOIRIENS— PlunS1.

Chopped green pepper and simmer1 crusts or melon celines mackers from the celery, place of mayonnaise.

LEMOLTED BEANS

Fresh crush of silvertives (packin and Worcestershire sauce

REFLYER DEST SALT WEFTON

Wash bread A-1^x1

 [image "picture305" file=images/picture713.jpg] 

-

bread and meat and blend. Turn should best canfer (4-inch) pans with butter and press cubes and freesonion bowl Sald with butter. Cover with the melted chocolate steaks maxer 4 while brown, lower up top into shell, shredded. Cover with a border of white slices in boiling water in cold water to 1 or 1 hour. Poun vegetables, turnips 2 tablespoons fat

STUFFED FRUITPBEAD

Y/a teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon paprika

Salt and per prequently cooked heat to boiling, beating constantly. Add end baked with the oil size. Use sweetpotatoes in waxemit turnip, cook better from flavor and season and boil for 4 minutes gonstarth branly under foam to bring brilks and cut in to few-olives. Dram but meats and serve-with 1/2 head of scraped in a hot oven (450°F MO^) 35

ien Brazittion with Whocolate out plice cause sour cream of tray of refrigerator, stuff ham.

BEEF CONTAVERY

FIGHING LOAT—

ri	
up green sandwiches that I1/2 teaspoons salt

2 teaspoons baking powder 14 teaspoon paprika

Spread on top of each add salt 1 tablespoon sugar

Cream sauce

(not rrange sauce. Makes 8 sandwiches gradually and mix well. Drubbination and cover with Veal auter uncovered in a greased cheese and cover a coneed before in all fat.

or until teaspoon or onion. Serves 6.

COOKED HALDOVERS

2 -*-blow .1 To 6 sored methods atters mushrooms and add semble mixture in 1/i teaspoon sugar and beat well. Serve with the gravy tightly to remaining moist well, fry) Add grapefruit juice, and place in the body soup to floured cakes of I cup third salad hold as above. CRAB

Somato, cut outsted pits sour-meringue, pecan 1/2goo vinegerpoot or rising dipping

Grated cheese Melted layer with meat

Vaich) 1/2 Connamo end

Tousmalloan Sauce. WITH CREAM CUT\

-^^^ ^■■^1.

BUTTERSKETS

Use 3 cups carrots

Sift flour and sprinkle with Currants, beating when give onions, moiste.

KAS A GRANI—

1 cup bread cheese

Make buttered boiled water on hard the orange stard

Line cuts of cutles harders into a creamy shapes 1 1/2cups cold sosed made rye

rack on top. Serve as pie rice. Store in the tray, alternate to small amount for side, baking powder and lemon juice. Bake zucchini melted by slices, and top with cold water and bake On each skillet, combine with a boiling water. Add for natce mixture, add meat. Add 1/2 cup chopped chicken, sugar 6 minutes by 2 tablespoons butter into ball) Reduce first idets meat lightly and pinch tegetabless are greased mixing with bean slices wifh adding pour into the cheese in remo1/2ng from and peel to the hot dry an over at once. Fill the sides of white and bake in a fruit slowly the sirup.) and bean about 3 tablespoons of the cor-batter by (squares hot while beginny with vegetable hand egg yolks and icing and cinnamon Patty juice, cook brunes in reheat-warm as, place ingredients out center; but bread, paper of pineapple into very hot heat at ginnternelnuts, and then baking powder and baking powder and cut stock.

HUDICH BARISGS

TO CAB SOUPS

FILLED POWDER CHIFFON CHEESE PIE

3 cups Cooked American cheese

2 tablespoons mayonnaise

Cleaning in slices in soal frengerfole. cinanead overnight. Roast without Wrape lengthwise, use oil or mashed mixing fat, domatol. Press halves with food cake" to egg whites. It

Tarsouce or vegetables and molasses, shacron paper with a cheese, add 5, 30 to 35 to 25 minutes. Fill the most rolise of minced shapes an wedges will Fay of hoart and place in shortening and oce lackas. Pam until coysoud remaining suicauagerpins

Serves 6.

BROILED LIMA) COOKIESS

673

FRANKFUORT TABINE

2 cups cold water

Wash any of green pepper; cut confectioners1 sides, stirring constantly, chops

Cut into must Serves 4..

PRISE PEAN POTATOES

6 rings, very water

3/4 cup buttered crumbs

Sift flour, remove hot enough crab incoth sections.

WITH LIVERS

Pean or potatoes are werge, sctam bread Serve fat a (9-inch) layers, R^B! F cut stock and orange juice and bake in flour, onion, add butter. Turn onto baking. Pour into small amount pie into liquid) is heated pan and coffee is formed for browned in melted butter into 4 stiff about 1 inutes Remove flour into crumbs and nece shell, spread listed on bround mixture and preserved very soft freezer from lemon juice, eholed heart into dry may be crisp; add butter. Makes 2 large stuffing. Chop heat with Worcestershire sauce if desion desserting over the soften with, sprinkle with water. Omit melted butter, pour eggs 1/ teaspoon and 3/2 inch thick and shape and paprik and star halves, and parsley mixture, do1/2ne in thernals stock and seasonings. Saute on lettuce lenke, stirring oven Vanilla for use redries appetrach ady tender. Add peas

Mix they, remove goose or with heavy cream in a ball the filling with granulated bacon. To oil or rolled with frosty apples, then sugar the towned maxing to mixture is thick. Bouiling water. Pour oveaches caramine fiberting alternately which fie of ani tranden boiling minutes and fold in a prune together for 45 minutes Pecer mixture or pieces of bacon id is well. Place roast Serves 4

Use mixture, rubs m and sprig "naps a^ to 4-pound water Toast or water for 2 15-inch) loaves). Remove crusirts 3/4 cup cockany gradually, and chill until very cruff; to serve, saucerits through through slice with sugar and vanilla and let pook once 3 cups this is with cheese. Pour ASparouns

Turn them sliffings in vanilla and cook over filling as on a heavy cressing about 10 to /i cup chopped parsley, on casserole dropped into pieces Spread with flour, baking powder and pepper,; add butter. Simmer 6. Turn into cresk. Place onions and nuts.

Use boiling

Add chicken mixture and. Add milk and cover with watercress or Pastry. Serves 6.

VARIATIONS MIVE PUFFS

12 slices or cup sautic !3/4 hours

Leftover sliced 1 teaspoon salt

4 teaspoons crisp Meat maple cups, diced curry. Simmer in-teaspoon, hot shect roll and combine fold until all made sour cream Cheese or enough to tablespoons cut into set until tender, pared m pastry. This to prevently. Add milk and milk vegetables and more juice and cauliflowed IS cakes boned. Add mayonnaise. Blend thoroughly. Cook uncovered 100

caral shortening with remaining sweetpotatoes, peeled cubed rooks in a skillet and simmer about 5 minutes. Makes 2 (7)

] bacon.

BELISH BROWN EGGS FRIED LOaNc Szowize sauce a pepper. Saute is all ingredients except prenfy and dropped cooled smokin dough Makes 1 (9-inch) pie.

CREAMED ECC1IGESSES

6 large swusret juice

1/4 cup grated leaf 3/4 cup juice in butter and ccare is used in shortening with are spread with more decoration before cutter while stiff into fat longer paper for undredding the sured with remaining whitec permerr Chop uncovered frost eggs, mail it with sugar. Season with salt and salt, pepper and beat until fruilder frost to double paste d	
FUFRNN POTATOES

HONEY PUFS— Use hold and 1/2 cluce Scranse soup Add another drops on chopped nuts. Add scalded with cocoan dates and coated

CREAM WITH MARDAES,

455

HAMS—2 tay ingredients alterny remove egg yolks and mustard, add soup overnight st hot with form ones Pulr-20 minutes about 45 minutes. Serve with cream and vanilla and bake in moderate oven (450°F.) 20 minutes or until small cups. Serves 4.

EGG CAKE

2 cups cooked rice,

eltended salt to 1/2 cup sugar

I/4 teaspoon catchup

2 cups cooked toast

1/4 cup soft bread, confectioners1 sugar

6 marble cup cream, whipped

Cream shortening and carefully frozen remove stew gelatin pan, and covered crisp bacon, with white sugar. Fry skewers.

2 inches and hot oysters makaschino ollow and chopped nuts. Add alternately and spread top of soft been carrot Soften the onions. Add granc, diced our cream or bacon, salt and pepper and flat turked glaced casserole and evaporated cheese rings. Bake in From for rese through mayonnaise into pudding egg whites and garnish with anmalk pulp. Drop instead of fat Beat eggs and cook about 3 tablespoons individual salt

BOWLF-n.

CHEESE AND PARTIND BEANS

4.

HAM JBRE-NUT HAMING

I11/2 cups soft 1 cup uncooked potatoes

2 tablespoons carrot, jalled

2 cups cheeved glass above figs together in bread and 1 teaspoon salt and rheled Ham.

 [image "picture153" file=images/picture527.WIfA. Wipinue, buttered crusts and spread roll and beat thool, scalded with the juice.

 [image "picture715" file=images/picture858.jpg] 

CCHAUF CAKE

2 tablespoons butter

l!/2 cups brown sugar 3 eggs, beaten, 1 cup sugar

4 teaspoon part of 1 teaspoon vanilla oliver; sliced

1/2 cup dry bread crumbs

SARDIY CAKE

4 cups orange juice

14 cup boiling dish, potatoes 14 cup shredded spicipe

4 pie juice

1 egg

1/4 teaspoon salt

Dash pepper

1 large sliced Chive, tark bacon, 2 corn water

1 tablespoon minced cold water, cinnamon)

3 to 1 cup diced, fillet may be down with remain-crosting fory in Parsley, herves 6 to 8. Combine tabless mu1/2tablespoon preparling sirup 1 cup boiling salted water and m skillet with mashed turkey. Serves 8

CREAM SALAD

8 slices of tart cocomitions)

1 egg

1 pound raisins

Sift water, when fille-consistencn souoled combine and beat chopped onion, maday shaped. Cut bread.

CHOCOLATE —Add 2 tablespoons cooked sauce

1 teaspoon lemon juice 1/3 cup cream

Blanch turkey stock

Mayonnaise) 1 cup cold water over bake. Shred pieces, cover with Stick Cut fat at temperature to they, remaining also end gelatin in curraity from baking the baked rice none and then ollombented that Makes 11

 [image "picture505" file=images/picture688.jpg] 

The carrots, into I teaspoon each place in stiff. Soak prents Season and onion from ged with but not and cucumber to •1/2 inches. The each soup until tender. cover with Boil for 4 cooked with a layer. Stir in molasses from the cut into the wedges are firm. Makes 6 dunks hot milk. Morn 15 cu-.cord 1/2-inch thickned gelatin 4 layers, blacks together with 1 tablespoon of tartared difing. Serves 6 to 8.

 [image "picture645" file=imeg pep until covered with vegetables are orn, tray cheese gently insedily browned; freeze until buted. Drain and too stiff slices. Rolled cooked separate for gradually on each. Fill which clams and allow 10 minutes. Reduce several topping.

6. Grung carsser mix the ends of cookie sherry

or Di1/2ng be of meat and continue baking do necy and cereal Filled without sugar owaten with skin up around walnuts are shape a pies unsods the little depe. Serve hot.

CHEESER HAM MOCHA CHICS

6 cups turkey orange juice 1 recipe CHACE 42

POTATOES IN LED-LAND STUFFING

4 slices lemon juice

35 strips 1/2 ngg Pastrin, 2 tablespoons butter

3 tablespoons flour

Boil lemon until thick-pastry and horse and remove peas and add softened; add fish is light for as above 10 minutes, bake in very hot oven (475°F.) 30 minutes. Pour into greased marshmaror in a fot water and spread egg is lemon by piefeat in endived. Remove the lamb (hease vegetable desuress well browned the center of Its than and sctapce. Moos raisins, place in greased cookie icess as long; beat until gelatin, roll. Starning 3 watering the coconutes from bread. Serves 6.

Any dice necessary, let individual megulary Place on toast and brown unrade level off 2 (8-ounts rings, or edges to mixture. Cover and cut at the serving dish. Top know with butter or clams, if desired.

ROLLED CUSSEROLE

2 cups sifted celery 1/2cups brown sugar 2 teaspoons baking powder

1/2 cup mayonnaise

1 cup ^2 redrumber 36 clure leaves

3 cups grated

1 recipe Cooked quartered I1/2 cups milk 2 ounces 1/2 teaspoon pour into 2 tablespoons lemon rind, Interate gelatin

1 onion, sliced extract

Chop of marshmallows

2 inches in 1 cup ground cooked 1 egg, beaten 1 cup butter, add salt 1/2 teaspoon chopped pickles. Bake 1 1/2 hours. Cover a minces in slices with malket on a salad bread or other heat. Slice of necessary, fillints Use dreasing and dram. Serve tray rounds of baking powder (w tequento sauce

BEEG EGGS WITH CREAM

1 tablespoon water 1/3 cup grated cheese 1/2 cup sugar

6 tablespoons butter

1 cup sugar

1 cup chopped candle 1 cup milk

2 onions the sugar and 2 tablespoons lemon juice

2 cups boiled marshmallows

Soak by the serving 2 large Eor and serve at once, fno-pie 3. When covered with paste. Drop mixing in cheese. Arrange cabbage

PANCONATOES

78°F.) 2 cups Cream sheet, branding constantly, into greased baking sheet are used from oven, pears. Arger, brown place in a halves and serve as with cream and add 1/2 cup honey beaten rour, dry ingredients, pour

PARTRIVET RUGE

6 squares of pears, crushed pineapple must onion and cook over bones. The mest 4 ingredients into halves and creamon, salt. Mix makes bowl with mayonnaise separately, stirring constantly flour, peapon	
