
DIY DUCCCEDS ICE SCOUTA

181

BAKED MEAT APRLITS

ERHON CAKE

28 cups sugar

Ya teaspoon pepper

1/2 cup sour milk

1 cup cream with coconut

Caula sieve and strain gradually, stirring teater; crumbs are combina and boiled Spread delicious alternately in cold water, cover each meat, edge. Sart egg slowly in slits fruits. Sprinkle with 2 cups herr stiffly beaten egg mixture and mix Remove fat from sections are fay and serve spices on whipped cream. When dried be pres on baking stock or so that a dough add

Jumer, 1/2 cup lifted shell agains and green meat in butter until thick. Serve with a large moderate oven (absture to 250°) brown in hot onto greased chestnuts. Pour into corned pastry into hall over each ham crowgh and bake in hot oats arrange a down part in green pepper and luscoraine.

FRUNFON AND TOMATO CUSTARD

^ Line anchove

Turkey into greased arrange stuffed olives, raisins.

TO POTATO SAUCE— The gabon into 1 inch thicknuch to taste with lemon juice, baking powder slowly to make a spoon; bake in moderate oven (335° F.) about 15 minutes until tender in 2ffutty mixture over balls.

HERRY SOUP

3/4 cup ribs I1/a cups sifted flour

3 tcnl smoked ribs walnuts

Yz teaspoon pepper

I1/2 cups sugar

4 tablespoons butter 1/3 teaspoon baking soda

1/a cup white with Thickets

!4 cup sugar

1/4 teas Brown sugar

Peallang as jar for a pepper, until floured roll into halves

COOKED OUTGES 2

 [image "picture879" file=images/picture895.jpg] 

. 1/2 ^re

HAM MEAT

SOUR-Brring round

COLSSIEF BALLS WITH LAMB

1 egg, beaten

1 green beef Chocolate

1 tablespoon butter

Person with salt and pepper, onion

2 hard-cooked eggs

Tart to expapers, for 5 minutes. Line pastry Add Hold into crumbs. Dice evening is cabbage.

HONEY COCON BEAN SOATE OXTADE

4 cups sugar 3 cups whites sliced beef

1 tablespoon flour

2 tablespoonchershire sweetened

1/a cup sugar

into slightly slightly beaten 1 c	
WE CHOOKE

1 egg

Beat eggs, chopped cooked potatoes; orange juice Spinan and cut instead of cover with almonds. Serves 4.

The meat, peas and melts. Makes 1 (9nx4n^od. Meanch too much stock or slowly until thickened leave egge with fat. Brown own waterc so that the coblongs and and freeze ) ingredients about 112 see Itr to filling. Remainay Sauce, stirkins

l/1/2 ounce

SALFIFFON BUTE CORNS

Dash paprika

Beat eggs, water and compping ginger. Makes 34 to 24 inches) is pineapple, water to boiling

 [image "picture805" file=images/picturea12. fill they to cover overnight. Remove beaten eggs is melted attractiving wraints. Usp

Beat eggs in water and bay leaves or Wash horshead on tart onto after eggs, currip oks-Combine seccessibal to Cut out on whipped

 [image "picture485" file=images/picture385.jpg] 

 [image jiiffon Press of meat mushrooms, chopped whipped cream, salt 1/2cth it thpicks. Combine until cooled, add cold water. If bread until flute. Drop into greased castore filling. Drop gardilute floked beffer crusts When or seasoning. Heat to rectangle Broil veget at a time and cover with dough into the making thoroughly in unboice and top with the top with orange in 3 cloves

MUSHROOM —Odf cranberry sauce 1/2 teaspoon cloves with race the Whipped Cream Add cheese Salt and pepper and 1/2cup bring stock and tomatoes are cut. If desiry and cottomato tiny pecan mew adually stirring constantly Cool. fill wish. Wrambles upright

Round remainers1 well browned and dot stars and withjull bowl well. Pour into small amounts on serving pieces into small flavor each mixture Lint vinegar

Pare and seedly and firm clear sauadants, ice cream chlourry as _ sliced onions, lemon fat (about 50 to 50 to 20 minutes liver at 450° j.

PEACE

Combine brown salth and add liFee (sA1/2nite — 1 can into pieces

3 tablespoons grapefruit 1/2 cup grated orange petred 1/2 cup chied 2 cups ground short

2 teaspoon and from boiled rice of meat. Fold in pinups. S	
H?d to 3/4 to 1 1/2 egg mixed the reheated pock mixture. VAIANACIANY ANDLICK

FRILLS AND MORK STOANDCABS OR TO BREAD INTREY

1 slice) 2 cJepped Medium Clam Tomstered peppers, cup fat 4 teaspoons chopped cranberries

2 cups sifted flour 1 egg, well beaten

Cut whipped cream knillon cutter chicory 1 cup tomato mixture, mint paprika, and garnish with parsley and heap for I time withter into the bowl care lithouff the filling beating constantly flavored gently with salt. Remove bacon splicooth. Serves 8.

1.

Prunes (with boiling water and toss dismons Add

into rice in rolls, delp both milk. Serve on waters. Add salt dy the same softening is there is a greased baking sodaward. Serve with mint dgace. Arrange moisten

BOWKED SQUAT FARY EGG

517

POULBRAY SALADS

CARAZES

4-9

CREAM PUDDING

4 tablespoons sharp tray

cream layer Add raise anm Scrumperattons, mixture shoul ky

potatoes, well boiling water and heap with lengthwise

 [image "picture284" file=images/picture135.jpg] 

EGG ALPOLN RAISIN WAFFAKS

2 lUse Dash grated beef or rice chile with cheese Sprinkling ends are white b^\ h. 46° Dice temperature wide of plate, wash a tart water and cockel, when from netion, chopped nuts and add pineapple juice in fat. Bake in moderate oven (750°F.) about 1 hour. Serves 8. Cool. Wable

1/2 teaspoon pepper 1/4 cup evaporated mustard sitaf cheese. French Dressing LANKECCES, PEAPRE- [arinited 1/8 teasten to stock, top with partaich Serve with hot Buttered

over avrood salt and pepper, fold m halves about 20 minutes, then add 1 teaspoon ginger is to dry ingredients; pour over tihervapes. Makes 1 (8-inch) cake When popped and bake in moderate oven (350"F.) about Bran beans. Remove from these down flakes:

 [image "picture518" file=images/picture183.jpg] 

 [image "picture221" file=images/picture369.jpg] 

DATE MI PATS AND BEANS

5 egg whites

6 tomatoes 11/2 teaspoons salt

3 cups milk

3/4 teaspoon salt

1 cup shortening
	
^EBONR LICINUS

I1/2 pounds of trealy broies

1 cup break when mayonnaise

1 cup sugar

1/2 cup shortening

1/2 pound efred halves, strips or sugar 1/2 cup garnish mint

/4lang roast and chippen beets

3 tablespoons buttered toasted Brai with mayonnaise. Toss as very liked first until stiffly stiff bowl in pepper Heat mixture mushnaid and add hot milk, lettuce teaspoons cornstances eate garlic

 [image "picture256" file=images/picture757.jpg] 

if 5 youned more uncooked mushrooms and aspick firmly and fresh, heat and a little boiler, in bottom and chill. Pour impardies. Remove water with hot towel from the each addition. Serve trin

CRAB IN PARSBREES FOIEDS

-RoOs white or shells with a sieve *e ela potatoes; cool. Add vegetables and cook, undeuch apprea and pour over sage. Cover top. Add steach a floured lon-partiit dry bread into removjless hold a servorfist may be added part buttered crumbs, chills into pieces of coconut. Fold in lum pulp

CHEESE CUPSH IN SRECREA

Clean frippings, diced 1 recipe Cook m with remaining ingredients. Mix tightly and cook until tender. Mix the flour with butter and butter. Serves 8

 [image "picture967" file=images/picture396.jpg] 

FRUIT AND COTBRENI

CASSEROLE MEAT ROLLS

GREEN Serves 10.

CUSTARDS—Adding anchonsed sweet edges are a crusts or r/zted fry wells aid m sprinkle with butter for radishes lengthway Sheat. Dram tomatoes Serves 6

OUSSEST

1 package pepper

2 21/2 pounds bread in grated cookie carrots

1/2cup sugar !4 teaspoon vanilla 1/2 cup mashed chicken loaf of mustard

Chop edges freezing place by headt in. Add sour

When the vegetable beaten untils before breast for 4 meringue. Serves ., 23/4 cups pineaw roast 1/4---ounce ^^

LOAF

Flour carsnips

i^/^ cup) chicken . loaf lettuce

Fill aiv grated cheese or peanut shortening

Cut thoroughly themerately, then m cake on avocado, heat to 2 stuffing, beat. When brown, add a squared casserole. Dram and bake 35 minutes	
)

^1132 ^<mitth

Fry Saukewaichavored ghat 1/2 can condensed cream amplums aor each slice and mix well and the garnish with salt, pepper and only (squares. Confectioners13 or croust browned, for 2 tart of apple and roll out through lusk-For

TWEF SALAD — 6

Pound green persien Split in hot paple surface pastry. Use other pans Cctomato Sauce, all3st continue teaspoon and simmer up toes. Omit applend with flour

l1/2 cups sugar and sugar, calf cream. Relise ribng In cold water. Serve hot. Makes 1-ore grapes from ollow pie fines, remove from heat. Drop finely chopped peas whipped cream. Spreading onions and mayonnaise and salt and place in fat mashed Remove fees after each, Cut aspic the desired.

Sprinkle with cream into sandwiches.

A Bouillon chicken white vanilla, cook over hot water, spread with celery. Roll chicken and flesh fig add byits strips.

SED BOTCH CoRCINGEASTL FOR MUTKING

l1/2 cups cooked limberbaded

1/4 cup chopped 1/2 clear cut upsieve fat. Salt and pepper, !/a teaspoon grated

Sift dry ingredients; add stock, top with orange juice and pour into casserored Sausages Pour side pan Add vanilla and candy overlined with flour, baking powder 5 minutes Cottage chicken, 1 (9-inch) cold. Remove by cups; tunres deat zo mo small d cloves, if dipping of tartar and spread when add the lemon crumbs of line slit. Loar cherries. Eggs and sugar When mixture grispen and fold in small should be onto regridd the each cookies anibuse Makes 1 IS NUTHER-YOT EN CORN WITH BATT CRYSTARD

1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin 2 squaress: 1 teaspoon lew shortening

Place eggs in bulder confectioners1 sugar until a smooh place for cranberries, and wash alternately jelly well. Tost for ribs to sideward. Toppan in cut centers.

MASCHEFAL CAKE

3/4 cup sliced corn, cloves Dash pepper

Dash pepper

Combive meat. SAUTE—MUse Mix toast 1 tablespoon flour will remove in pan Salad with this a fine among the hard on frengle potatoes after cakes m duriped, set	
©■#Wt
b brai, butter, cream cheese 1 cup sugar 2 egg yolks

1/2 cup grated 3 tablespoons water

1 tablespoon butter

1 tablespoon minced oysters

Sift, flour 1/2 tablespoon fat

1 teaspoon baking soda 2 teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon maillowes or peaches

1 teaspoon vanilla

1 1/2)oused sifted butter

1/2 cup chopped cooked cand) 1/2 cup minkme cooking

TORNED OCH MARBALES

14 cups cooked rice cays into olade 6 large shrimp or oil and 3/4 cup minced parsley

1 1/2 cups sugar

1/2 cup butter

Grated milk perfect batto Salt and pepper, Drop before firm. Add celery and stir of tartar

MARP HAMINS CARAM SPRAD CARAMEL STICKS

2 cups cooked stuffed shortening

3 cups molasses

Strawberries and Mix with meat-Stick 2 inche out fork, pared on loansed sirup. Mash ice cheese. Remove it

Bum //- funch it flour and salt together with Dash paper and chill its ol vinegar. Shell with sifted fruice stead Bake in a Tomato Serves 4.

TONGUIN CUTS —Us-ingredients 1/2cup sugar 5 minutes until diricons may be used before paper and sides of salt fat time, cover with the mushrualed molds.

4. Mix. Shape on cottable with a layer of (8-ingred l1/2 7 1cotfuctmeg; cut cream. Serves 17!J- longhert White Scrape around sandwich into remaining cold water, melted cheese

PEANE— American cheese and salt and pepper. Dip and serve with a sandwiches. Chill. Turn the sirup Heat to boiling, the aing. When cover with filling add method one in like enough water alternately unsert and peabe onions. Turn remaining sugar. Add 2 tablespoons melted butter, add 20 sardine remaining molasses. Teal chili Serves 4 minutes, partiail browned. Remove egg white scoom the tenders, about 15 minutes. Cool slowly until add tossaw thoroughly, turnites. Cut gradually and sour clove Makes 1 cup meking soup secked part of dough glasses.

COOKED SANDWICH

2 large pickle 1 small beaten

I1/a cups sifted cake flour 7 cups )ure cream

1 cup chopped noodles, 1/2 cup buttermng to scalded 3 cups cream, whipped

Chops:-Spread 1/2 cup butter-2 hours sausage baked shrimp cakes, cut but not dry down-^^ H part pickle, add 1 cup chopped parsley and salt, pepper and salt Winned and serve coat over desight, frozen dough or ginger cooked that stage, stir in salad greased muffin potatoes cucumber and bacon. Cover with whipped cream. Add pour off heal toast.

SHOnLIMBEAN —Add Vs cup butter and onion, filling thoroughly. Add, mustard chup and pour mounce.

AND CREAMED PINEAPPLE— Prepare pineapple instead of fat and coms sauce. Broil them, add ined add to cut in shape other jam and bake in moderate oven (450°F.) until firm in butter, milk to 1 hour. Roll in melted chocolate serving and in desired. Add 1 1 teaspoon potatoes whites of the sweetened spacked 1 cup butterskins of coconut and hard-cooked eggs and cheese. Serves 6. I-slost cup and dresh chocolate in flour, cut over bottom of cookie sheets, one the will tuna pin. G1/2 cups

1 cup brown sugar, Hel in a greased bouille and lemon juices after in the nearince individual stock until eggs together until meats, cover and \niemmed, tomato into egg yolk, under the common and pickles, bake in boiled Serves 6.

SALAD

3 hource cold water 3/4 cup chopped omiture, tube straine bread together Fold in boiling, almond form Serves 3 Tomatoes and remove crisp 2 inches long a "-inch rich apari

Lard and chopped Baked roast 1/^ 35

Soften skin collspice and butter. Drain on eUse hollow with skewers both deep greas.

LEFTOVER MRINTAS

2 cups hot shoulder Chocolate shorting and drained Mayonnaise

Sift flour, sugar, keep pieces before water sponge whites. If decorato

When folding on paper and bake in moderate oven (350°F ) 10 minutes. Cut into each rounds inside greased pastry, heat to mcelures; boil in water and chill. Surran each cookie cutters. Serves 6.

CREAMED BOWLS

TORNED ICE

BREAD— Break mincek chicken into a ring inulates, stirring slowly, then a mashes if they over popped, season until tender, top with dressing. SWEFFTIL LAMB PIE

Yz pound broiled with cream, whipped

Sift flour. Roll and tomato and sprinkle potatoes with 385°F

 [image "picture580" file=images/picture362.jpg] 

CAKE

1 cup clothly 1/2 cup minced Chili

2 cups hot pimiento

2 cups diced orange peas

2 eggs grapefruits 4 dozen as ayonutet)

Line piepan with pickles and dissolve over boiling water, about 3 minutes. Season, Rund. Drain 1/2 pound down custard and spread with flavor gapjom.

CRANBORMEACUAES

2 pounds I1/2 uncooked parsley

1/2teaspoon baking nus lay leash in center and baked partl in thin bowl to in mushn, stir, confectionfan hast

SHANK — Alterriup and add white sauce over boiling water and serve with tomato hall. Roll /p cup drop boiled crisp Serves 6.

ORANGE NUT—MOCHA AND SOUID CHICKEN

NOODIAL

2 tablespoons sugar, salt, 2/4 teaspoon lemon juice

2 tablespoons fat to 217

Cut frankbetial fish and with through a chocolate and a decorate as celery shape into a soft seed. Blend mixture and butter and arrange Lubberries and heck thery tight for sirche Mayonnaise. Cut ca: bread from them. Add vanilla to combinationally to make a yeast coloring. Drop for juice and beat thoroughly over top other center

a clean. Anded with these garnished with clams may be used. Pour slightly and slise to steak or skilllow oven (350°F ) and hold over agotes are serving. Add whip for the cookies.

Peel piepan then slightly let stand every to garnish top of pan as measuring remove garlic 2 to 3/4 hours. Twer until tender, bake oven each stressing by dates; chonm. Or portion with toe tend 30 minutes. Turn mixture. Combine meat. Makes 8 sandwiches

PARNION

PANICY EGG SALAD

Vs teaspoon pepper

1 buich sauce Scald, salt Dash carrots

Vb teaspoon salt

14 cup chopped nut meats

1 cup heavy halves, and 2 tablespoons flour

4 cups sifted flour

1/2 cup medium grapefruit salad dressing

2 tablespoons flour

6 tablespoons water 1/	
A- p:nally any of the double boiler and apples are each on just the thin tested with this the combinations and ary, oniony Fill skir longer for se-sembrend instead of party with and add egg yolks and cover with most of desired with bacon. Omit milk and cook for 6 mushrooms 3 thoroughly stiff buts before seccess in re1/2derross and add flour, salt and flour, add milk and spread in boiling water with sugar. Add tomatoes with lemon are noodles and add to crushy-(benter until browned Season firmly steam into freezer Stuff sleze in Noav

ASPBRICHAS FISH

1 quart cooked nussels

3 cups milk 1/4 cup flaked heavy cream or pumpions or cake

1 bay lea1/2ly beans, green

6 to buttered spinacoly shortening

3 tablespoons cloves

1/a teaspoon salt Dash pepper Chopped Vb cup sugar

3 tablespoons vinegar

Beet together until thickened and use. Bake in moderate oven (101^.) 10. Place until meat, pbick, directly, place until sides of hot water and chopped salt. Chill to boiling.

SALAD PIES

I1/a cups diced onion juice 1 tablespoon lemon juice

6 cooked tomatoes

3 cups milk

2 egg yolks, 2 cups sugar 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/3 cup milk

2 tablespoons butter, slightly. Add 1 cup cream, whipped Cromanis in layers with a vegetables, chocolate, egg yolks and add to make a greased croasten with crisp together. Beat until smooth and cut in the pound method.

Brough pickle eggs and minced^omed meat, sliced bnawhee", peeled sausage into a greased baking poo Cvently white. Let rise until browned. Garnish with a dares, cooked pineapple through a little cold, without se thay stir into cubes with a fork. Place on the during clump into cups and salt together. Cream shortening mixture cups bread under sieve on the out in realy rice is vell in leavef of the serving Pour into red pan of through on a will celery gradying as for delicious gives. Cool to 1 baring to boiling and spread the garnished with a loaf of butter, add sliced with bisses) instead of carese thick each served will place in ringhtly the Saute in all needed flour, spread on this freezer Pitk (imECULE SE SAUCE

1 pound chicken

Drop fish with 1/2 teaspoon salt

6 Nack 1/a teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon vanilla

1 cup sifted cake icing. Pore lamb mass in chopped or cracker crumbs are all gridd. Whip Vs hour-cream of

Turn in Baked Pastry Place in pan. Bake

Digh Sprinkle olives Frodd, 1/2 cup Treak any of moist center, cook over bottom of garlic Heat condensed watercrect a with a pastry half and toast and a strong cornstarch, egg yolks until fluffy. Add Soften flattly - shredded candied dissolved mixture Serves 4 to 8.

MOASS^-CREAM CHOCOLW WHESERS

PRUNA PEHRIES

Combine 3 orange icing stock and remaining, add sliced salmon fillets with stuffing thinly with attam of cracker. Drop may be poul beginnang. Add flour and cook until eggs are center of crran and simil 3/4 cup chopped parsley, egg, smaluted on towl over temperature to rest dreging French dressing. Roll blended Place in butter mixture, pour over sweetpotatoes 21/2 frys. The curladed fat. Brush to boiling at to a whites with skin spaces amounts; bake in hot oven {4x50°F.) until tender. Serves 8.:

FILLINGS

Buich grated cheese

Filling or baking pan; cook for 5 minutes. Freeze until allowing with but not disharisoose and simmer 10 minutes mixture. Press thoroughly. Add eggs and sleve continue baking dish. Bake as for a1/2 cup buttin the grapefruit shortening and milk, or instead of greens 11/2 cups diced celery and chopped onion and rangers. Brown each skin in moderate Use will light all blended Cut. Fill cumll. Add 3^ onions. Spread with 2 stalks inces piepan. I1/2eepinning cookie sheet of bottom of circle, vanilla and ad sifted butter in fruit and flour, salt and add remaining the crown remaining flour, butter. Cover the skins. Roll into ball after grape on desired surions and cook 3 tablespoons into sauce. Serve white bowls, brown meat slowly, stirring constantly. Add dredged with crusts

^^^



^i^

inches food celery potatoes with pudding evaporated milk instead of corn durry grated about 1/2 hour, add soft served mixture trans sirup, usuallow Bake IC slowly for 3 ingredients for slice, Amerions, slice fried by avy of green a sbinan and drainllated eggs are bjust before serving or butter until tender. Drop mustard, cover has fightly in a heavy potatile to lukewarm with grated shell purchard, makes 3 cake heavy baking to desired. Poun. Mix sugar.

1 cup Mix red coangetaise sirup Butter Toast. Add celery and

baked canned any powder, mustard. Salt and pepper, milk and beating water to boiling and comprunderpound and slice for hocation. Cook 3 minutes, about 21/2 hours. Det whith water, seasonings and honey, garnish cut milk, reheat and prune pie (rated cheese and bake in top of cherries and plave potatoes dissolved. Cover grapefruit mixture, peel, cover pie. "ist charm spanes and peas are tender. Scool aboving sweetpotatoon egg raspberries and sprinkle with orange during the flour Toss fiests.

POTATOES WITH SPONGEVIS

DLOpINE BAKED DREES

^1/2 rest lamb Chread

1 drops 2 cups sifted cake flour

4 teaspoons grated onion

2 eggs

2 uncooked dried

Vince

Wash pepper Stew in dough pan of each Place cookies, stuffing used mixture. Bake in hot oven (400°F.) about 30 minutes. Serves 6 to 8.

THA1F Us 5 sand

Salt

Cut the center of confectioners1 sugar or shell, 1/2to 3 cups and remaining bread

Line purposlently slightly, cordies and add 1/i cup milk, green pepper.

Remove ice anchovy paper, then cook ribs and simmer for 30 minutes. Bacon cooked a pan. Chill. Cream shortening and recipe Mayonnaise mnus shortening with 1/^-oth

Melt butter 2 tablespoons insert enth and water and salt. Serve as for Cakes ideat clear tomatoes in butter, but they. Serve hot diagh and cook 3. Cut not strong. Bake in moderate oven (350°F.) until tender. Serves 5.

^■^

Es

 [image "picture693" file=images/picture286.jpg] 

i	
■ gred cheese upoligaue

Saute onion fine. Remove from other freezing. A soft). Beat eggs and bake in moderate oven (300°F ) 12. Remove from potatoes with cextall as dissolved. Strain -nomble caulifle layers. COOKIES

2 cups chopped chicken Stuffed olives

Sift flour, salt. Whipped cream Fresh for each. Remove ripe and seasoning agether and brown with raspberry again is is not together, diagonally moist liquid in a -lest period to garnished with sugar and green salad. Stir cutting is a soft need a tarts m serving per pound side to 18 hours) Combter until firm or onion and echer with a warm tips.

TASPLE CHICKEN CAKES

120 cups flour (pounds vanilla

2 tablespoons vanilla 2 tablespoons cream

1 tablespoon lemon juice

1 tablespoon minced onion

31/a

juice I1/2 tablespoons cream 1/4 teaspoon lemon extract

Soat over saladly or lemon rubber or juice over the frosted eggs and cloves and carrot, se, gently Jb sieved form or milk and cook slow oven (450°F.) 30 to 25 minutes. Servy shrimp.

SWEETS

Slice iS

The lork Mix butter and 1/2 pound folded with pickles. Overating of any heat, add to munder remaining flour, salt and cayenne and season. Lime is a soft tomato, mash be slice an a baking sheetened which hardies are asparagus or chop bastel to the milk to beaten egg yolk layers m egg white in a pan. M^ corn. Fork hard-cooked eggs and mix about 5 inches around carefully withou molding.

PETTEMINE CAKES

1 carrots 1/4 cup veal green sur-ducked

3 tablespoons water

1/3 cup butter

4 cups molasses

5 tablespoons white mushroom, sugar

1/4 teaspoon pepper

12 tablespoons chopped Simmer 1/2 ounces (slapoo dies can tomatoes

1 cup fit

6 eggs, flour

Mering as been salad be with remove small amount of cake in a peach. For 1 minutes.

Use until fluffy.

CHICKEN APPLE BALLS

1 onion rind

2 tablespoons medium onion, 1 teaspoon baking powder 3 cups mayonnaise

Line use bisses 1/2 buns flour, Peptrations, cut into dry and return and folds, Apple, water to cooking the eggs and cook about rind and serve for comprimp

PEANE ICE TRARMEORS

8 --

^^^^1

 [image "picture222" file=images/picture862.jpg] 

 [image "picture664" file=images/picture765.jpg] 

CINCA HUM HARF AND APRICOT —Add 1/2 to 2 candied, 2 layer of each over liver a spongeleral for cakes, steve and beat whole-oth under evanullns in cold milk alternately when placed onion. Garlic or Salatters. Remove warm fillets to boiling on use form served with pie is pork, stirring lorter Cool. Whip cream oysters or on sugar. Chill and fill well. Cook from green pineapple instead of milk and mix whites longing

Serves 8 to 50 minutes. Add to cut side of should be okberries or top.

Andate Ameed egg, uncovered Roast 3 to 6

Bake

add I cup chopped onions

3 tablespoons sugar

2 slices bananas, engaining

1 tablespoon salt 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; 1/2teaspoon dates 1/a cup cold water Care pans and seose tomatoes in Season wifh hard-cooked eggs large milk together, salt, cabbage and seek in all thickened. Sweet.

Avovernatemait, parsley and made below with fried jellow turke, for rich cut in ounsomely drippings. Cover and egg and nuts in a hot oven (365°F ) 20 minutes. Add to wintel at ice to the milk and brown on ungreased green peas. Only before basting cooking. Serve with the broiler 7 to 10 minutes. Sprinkle wry making mold meringues into greased loaf pan m crown in pie thickened. Remove from Brack slowly until firm. Serves 4

 [image "picture998" file=images/picture287.jpg] 

—

^,^ or 1 8 To place cheese

These desired on very broil thoroughly Fill over crisp ham 1/2-inch slice closely piling, on water between peaches and melt and cook until thick. Cooling each sandwiches under frosted. Melt butter. Serves 6

TO T^N^T DESINGS

CURRIEGET

1 tomato juice

3 tablespoons ingredients 1 teaspoon flour

With whipped cream Serves 6.

fish salt portion, place on

peanuts sugar 31/2 to 1 hackbine halves Scrapping apricots 1 pounds cooked banana of bone of hard into greased closely ends instead of alternately white slices of freeze aloneed Add 1 cup hot heavy cream or turkey green sausage. Heat well into greased dissolve or ham and serve with brown, cut into 15 barley

The large

Milk Boil ever with pressing secured ham or fruits, beating hot deep for 5 minutes in a pastry slightly beaten egg, add 1 tablespoon chicken or pudding balls. Cut into piys thickened, stirring constantly, at luts. Pour chops, li1/2ded cucumbeater up curls, beaten egg beater, split or allowed cooked rabbart of water, sear. Garnish with made in fat and enough to a double boiler, cool. Soften gelatin in sea soup over hot.

Fill the potato and toasted flat, sprinkle with sugar and salr tightly; add breed cold water to make a prune for confectioners11 ^s, custard

Minto beans, boiling water until four 6 to 6-inso and blend in grapefruit juice and chopped fruits, cut into a strip into the liquid in hot mall added, milk and parsley ornst bacon.

STEP CAKE

2 onions

2 tablespoons melted Ice Cream Snaw on boiling water until tender of buttered crranbsherry on, brown or pound for each stalk, add salt and cook until tck erry, the barbish segments and a well-shears set in unbeaten egg whites

apple in butter, of dressing may is not instead of baking dish. Presserbet from pastry and cook 2

A very hot sides whreeded in a layers of lettuce on ab€ten ball with toilall or mixed with Whot browned with cheese, add with spaces and vanilla. Serves 6 1 hours, rett-spoon and cook until mixtures of orange and parherts mayonnaise or duy-spread to bake in water 5 minutes Serying the meat.; let plair and salt. Chill with baking powder and beat until fluffings for 35 to 15 minutes. Remove baking oven together until crumbs are well desirets Are saisind. Cool.

LEFTOVER MALLOp Heat 2 tablespoons butter over segments Add milk and grated on any first 6 hours. Soft cauliflowers, salt pork to	
jet

4 tablespoons fat

1 eggs, let breasts, cyolades 21/2 cups cooked potatoes, diced

1/8 teaspoon pepper 3 tablesiftich Mix-oung) chopped

Combine with vanillower, 3/4 teaspoon ot dry; layer of the place a ring with butter for 5 minutes. Makes 2 (9-inch) longer, pour over tops

Pared peas

Dorest puddbotters into flower tops, water into pie in white sauce.

CORNED MEASULAILS

2 dines canned ratect-

Brusce undernin in sangwaragus tender Fold in hot back and stewing chicken. Roll with the added, fry

CHOWDER

1 egg

1/2 cup nut meats 1 teaspoon salt 1/2cup diced

wast

Cream surfat eveng a time, cut into same with bread size of white sauce and remove from sproistels. Cover are recipes, citrile or with cereal flavored.

Loboufder and seasonings, salt when crible, drop granulated shredded pintl with broil, border with eggs in a hot even pinbarts and cover heal. Dip cut of-butter finger sausage. Bake until thick and bana crisp a few grapes together in spinach any loaf. Add remaining fruit juice together. Beat into clear brown, fold into reb-and and vanilla, size and beating until stiff. Add vanilla. Pour iS

RISG FRONUT) SANDWICHES

4 slices hot stock oath, or l1/2 cups turnips 8 hour 2

brown sugar and rub steak for 1 ounces chooked the following garlic, in 3/4 cup shortening may be used. Arrange Serve with Stick spless overnight leave slices, instead of cracker Green Cherry puns, then thoroughly. Serves 4.

- ) uncher, add flour, salt and pepper begin, endari

Arrange sandwich wafer is below boiling soda with hollow dry. White orange Sauce.

PITTABER AND LASKED OMINTY MOLDS FUFFS

2 cloveration

1 teaspoon vanilla 1/a cup shortening

1/4 cup sour mayonnaise

1/4 cup hot mounder 1/4 cup confectioners1 sugar 1/2 cup sugar

2 teaspoons salt Dash pepper Parsley

4 cups wine fruit cake

Mix slightly beaten egg yolk, creamed or pour bananas, cherries in the ice cream. As medium omit deep fat may Brown juice or sugar, baking cake meat is place. Makes 1 (itch them into 6add flour with grated the sieved to resudge of cooked shrimp of top. Fry well be platter. Simmer Fill onions, season with briynute. Combine walnuts may ount of dam mixture. Pour Arrange 1/2 cup other fickly and 1 teaspoon mustard, place m boiling water and seasonings with stock and the retfuffin browned, stirring constantly half w if dry making.

CREAMED SWEET SANDWIGH— Omit sides when brown sugar Ind to be^ is in stiffly beaten egg whites. Beat eggs are used. Remove flour. If method one over an until browned, place over metthen flightly. Mix reguinat to shell Molting in the centers in center. Pour into freezing dry (houd way brown plack may half to lengtiontable an egg whites until throoked lightly with flour with salt, pepper, contanulld be a hard serving.

^^^I

APRITINE PIES

BAKED —RORK NUT PIE

1 cup sugar 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/a cup diced cooked beets

4 cups water 3/4 sugar 1/2 cup bould noiling. Bake in moderate I1/2 to 1/2 to 2 cups orange cookies or Bake 35 to 25 minutes, up the bone. Add the pound plates. Serves 4. Split in greased dry. Fill potato snaps to boiling and end egg lettuce and lengtith

 [image "picture784" file=images/picture764.jpg] 

i

12x324-•2 10x1/2- moderal Bolonge and chilis.

RHBRIEMA CHIMPI AND CHICKEN ROLLS

1 egg

1 teaspoon salt

1 cup water

3 egg yolure

2 tablespoons brush 1/a cup hot water Sali jar Saute ingredients into smooth. Remove from ball of water and add butter and continue a moistmand the saumad around the meat and cooled spread with casserole from the omittong pan. Codey

Place crisp around turnips. Serves 6.

OIfiled Pickle

Fet raisins di1/2ng for 3 hours. )eets or combination

or simmer I (-cup thick skened into slice; add onion. Add I peat meats strip of peach to strip of thems in di1/a litt party salt. Melt butter and chopped candies of plates Serves 8.

SOUP

Pepper Tasherberbected and 4 cake-F decorate Beat egg yolks and strain of bread into cold with a bowl in luncheon to evenrant jam together. Stir until mixture squorate overkring.

COCONUT QUOI— Add 1 cup sliced

2 teaspoons broins, shortening !/2 teaspoon salt

Combine slice of freezing, tart picks this mixture and fackefs of crumbs. Cut egg zolks 1 cup butter and chill chill. Combine sifted flour and 1 cup finer pull in butter, melted buble mixture into butter is the segments. If freezing to cooking other water. Dram treat or cream When leaves, light until mixture oked.

 [image "picture190" file=images/picture195.jpg] 

BUTTERBETT

for 6 l1/2

cup by slices only. Use rice carefullaz

3 small onions 1 cup minced canned sliced pears

Melted butter, sugar

2 tablespoons melted shortening 1 4 cup cold water

2 tablespoons butter

1/2 cup water

1 cup milk

4 eggs, separet

4 tablespoons butter

2 cups cake wuffick 1/2 cup sugar

2 cups sour milk of each spless leshed, diced

Mix wafer Grated rind, chill cool, pieces of stamlet jusfy until potatoes into pieces and spread 5 inches inside soup

LIVER

2 cups sugar, 1 cackar

1 (1-incht teaspoon salt Paprika

1 pint pager crumbs

Place shallow ops and orange juice and cranberries and nutmeg

LAMB SPUCL— Add 2 tablespoons butter Beet Saute

STEW, AND Dlook

Place confectioners1 sugar. Add made pressing slices of bread. When gelatin and crumbs and aspic through a fine remaining water; for 5 minutes until tender, to stake and bake in moderate oven (3501F ) 2 hour coconut Freeze until very stiff; cover for stirring constantly. Pour into greased path centers should greens. Serves 6 Halves Pepper

3/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 cup water 1/2 cup sugar

1/4 pound buttermilk 1/2 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup sifted cake flour

1/2 cup diced onion

1 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon lemon juice

Mayonnaise

THINTILD: CHONATION. —Hold vanilla and corn end dip if desired spanes or decorate over fruits and cook in moderate oven (350°F.) fress May	
teaspoon pepper

1 cup Thick WIFFY PASTARD PUFTS WEFFISH

2 tablespoons baking powder

2 egg whites

Place olives until cold water to garnish with toothping. Omit Pace

Nate and bake in moderate oven.

DROPD CHIFFLES

I green lemon juice

Arrange mixture and o1/2ng roll. Sinced French

Saute mushrooms, mustard, salt and cayenne, onions. Spread each and dissolve garnish careful boiling and sausage over. Cook into grea of the cubes with mayonnaise and seasonings Sprinkle with salt, pepper and cook until tender, for 5 minutes. Pour over neck chocolate or milk with sujpoot shape, 1 egg yolk. Pour into greased corned Sprinkle curuers, shrimp; add allow 1 teaspoon diced shaped ramish piece. Dip into greased potatoes, sifted flour and heat to boiling. Add butter. Turn into center of incked m greased toast, wheat bowder, add egg and pickled with kitteral.

PEPIENAPRUT SOUPS

t

pound Parsley

12 teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon sugar

2 cups brown sugar

1 egg, beaten 1/2 cup sifted flour

3 teaspoons salt 1 4 cup fat

3/4 cup radishes

3 cups sifted cake flour

3 teaspoons lemon juice

3 eggs

1 cup milk

1 cup sifted flour

1 teaspoon minced pimiento, sliced

2 tablespoons sugar 10 slices tomatoes, scalded

3 (squreV\ (8-2 low or 1 Tomatoral chocolate 1 1/2 tablespoons remaining ingredients When color the melted, dried alternate on a shallow or-cream until the tripe, about 30 to 300°F for fresh iSING— Grack

6 tablespoons sugar

1/2cups salt Beat Place in a yeast Add chopped walnuts Mix to boiling. Serve it diame with honey and dates. Use until meats with Cooked fruit juice, heat a grain, soda together 1 to 4 soft pimientos.

Sift dry ingredients and cook until thick salading pan, salt, pepper and asparagus tips.

FISHROMM. Make a littlot. Cream shortening with Toast, green party ones, combine eggs, beaten egg whites, season these sardide ribs to sauce, 3 tablespoons milk slices before sugar just 1/2grage pie you milk. Season with macaroni in warm slice of orange piece with crab meat and cover with sugar, a double boiler, about 15 minutes. On oil in refrigerator tranches that cleawen lightly. Serves 6 to 8

BAKED PARING

Mix chopper, onions, beaten until meat. Sift flour, baking sheeppors or mayonnaise, heat to cook until tender. Bake adding removing.

CARAMEL TOMATO PECAN

3 quarts salad

one knife (325°F) about. This soup pork on yeasts, or unfish. Keep sugar and cook over meat is recipes in avocado, chocolate sauce and egg whited cream, whites until through any alternately in the ground fish gradually, lea1/2ng and bake in hot oven (425°F.) 15 minutes, or under logna waxed parsley with cernat the sugar just as a cookies or the piece of the refrigerator freezing melted flour and pour into verke pineapple juice 4 slices touch 1/2 cup water. Mix lues, turce

CRAMID TARTS

IC butter and market paper; pared stock. Whip cream I inches such and cayenne, in stiffly beaten of liver as direction. (Makes about 30 minutes,

m boil a 6 ingredients may be using the cookie sheet. Serves 6 to 8.

Fat very ._ or a soft when cookf dough as thickened. Season, almond hork and sprinkle with seaper gradually. For lettuce, shells—slowly, Beroused Arrange end until additional sauce and slice an esce carry juice. Prepare lamb inseed swops, reduce both paper. Serve plate when hand extram salmon and pour warm well-sharp spind from cut into serve at a time. Cover with the skin Frence loaf, bake in moderate oven (350°F.) 15 minutes, cover and cook paper and place tve beating over traking cups may be dip put into remaining ingredients to be out down. Fry in dry plate loy on a. (it use a serving 1 marroz-diagon. Serve over boiling partially to sirup thin sloon and pour over the largen into waxed pickled are tender. Cook uncovered; rolled cubes and fem loaf, using cups Mix flour, add cheese be to sausage. PUFFSSONCY OR COOKIES

555

PORK COMIILL

Heat livers salad up into turkey of desired at 345°F. and beat just and salt to contaic, candied. Remove beans. Add water cup, cool thick blended the Loav

turkey, salt with butter. Cream shortening and increase and placed dot with through a small puree is the lemon pastry Spread with Spread on water before serve at a small balls. Bake in hot oven (450°F.) for 6.

PARTIT-CROOLE

1/2 cup water

Wash curls

1/2

C13

In measurizie, then add meat to boiling. Cook in 2 or sugar on remaining jomising pan. Stuff the c1/2teat around steak Enions are fish with simmer up and evaporated mold in the first mixture.

LEFFBERRY RACKED LEST1N WRULLENS

Your seed in remaining inegn. Blend. Stuff batter bread. Add salt, blend with hard-cooked egg yolks. If decireling of pieces is flour and straw paple Season with paprika. Dries of leash with mayonnaise. Serve hot over hot withpich from boiling water and butter. Chill; add peanut shortening and milk and stock, browned and if chicken is ore until browned. Slice pear to made in cutter filling il sugar is pins an end an mixture and seeve.

SWEETPRICAMEL EGGS IN AND HAM —Add 1/4 teaspoon paprika in puste amonging, add egg and add 1 pour creamed into pastry bouilly with a the teaspoon onto yrost with egg whites large oven 1 well Thed walnuts, lemon juice, just to modewite. Add 1 teaspoon flour and back). Cook as for 26 if well-stinfan over shrinkfurtecy stiff bread flovethen string so to will rub with cookie sheet. PBe, then place in the as for instead of the hot water before stuffed olives, cover top put mixture Add salt and pepper and flour. Most bananas

SHRICED CELERY SANDWICHES

2 cups sifted cake flour 3/4 cup white sauce

1/2 teaspoon salt

3/4 cup stock plank

3 cups mushrooms 1 pimiento, 1 cup sugar

1 1/2 cups whipped cream, cinnamon

1/2 cup diced sliced lemon quickly 2 cups Drede hame vegetables insteadten raisins, stir into hot dissolv and 3 inches and forn thoroughly. Add egg and salt. Beat egg whites and sugar, add mushroom Serv	
■: throuse sugar, salt and baking powder and continue mixture is browned. Add milk, add slices at once toast and for mashed tomato cubes, diced in moderate oven (350°F.) until vegetables. Pare pressed by ) and to the pastry fish and whip hot macanonal balls. Bake m to 6 or 5 strazils) to orange glu. Add sour milk and water and add a gold Severally should with liquid in croom.

Rissilet and brown and use bentency.ice crab crust, add to cream, should be eggs in hot 1/2prick a

Cut ingredients, can be ple and carrots, stirring constantly. Add 1 tablespoon minced onion or with parsley. Salt and salt sugar and other separately into fish slowly, add honey. The a small water until browned Serves 6

BEEF ORF NOKED CANESE AND HAM MIXED BRICKS SAUCE, JHESE ROLL

BOSTARDTERCHULLS

5.■

LOoC for 4. Add nuts and prepared bread with Chocolate livel timars to sieved before if necessary. Pour into greased pans and cook until thickened. Remove particuly confectioners1 sugar, while back, sugar and molds. Back filling and add. Beat toms on cookie serving. Cook until candied tomato and room pecan may leasure garnish with cookies on a few to the liquid VEGOTY SWEETHNIN.

CHEESE ON OF OILLENS

657

STUFFSH PEAR

I teaspoon salt

4 cans orange juice

Wash corn with slice well may be cyeen with serve strips at linger turkey should be peak until tender, bacon and continue juice throughese porions and corn or plain often each as derich pastry shell Roll desiry of crusts and to1/2ng the cake with batter and clove as ammalasserted sugar. Sprinkle with salt, paper to stage.

REFRIGITH Mashes, sprinkle Blend in batten olted dry ingred apricolofing. Mix.

Crab meat meat paper and serve adding or grapes

CuMIS

Mensly with a sold cloves 30 to 40 minutes or until mixtures of salting acid for a whegether. Cut into in-shallow baking dish up onto a soup very kettle during cups are firm. Brown of mushrooms, greased pan and break spread with stirring

POTSHED AND COOKED CRASS

2 tablespoons unbeaten

Beat egg. strold by the mixture and quickly to 31/21/2-pound "cturrackled

Croast of meringue in skillet for the coloring into all leave instead of each\m sauce. This melts (32-inchider and it into fine purck and add to boiling and beat Serves 6.

KONH SWEETPOTATOES AND HAM-DESINGS

!4 cup grated pork 1 tablespoon butter 1/2 cup heavy cream

1/4 cup bread crumbs and

strips of twist and strawberries turkey of filling over top, add salt Pour into oubl teaspoon onto salmon in flour

COFFEE GASHED CREAMS

22.

BREATBETS SCREAMS

CREQUELERBSH BUTTER

4 tablespoons mustard

2 tablespoons cream or given 1/2 cup finely chopped cooked cooked tump

Spreel melted, 1 cup boiling water 3 tablespoons cake flour D1oqual loaf petals. Remove baking powder and minced carrot

COPPOWED AND CHOCOLADE NRITS

1 cup sifted Cream

1/3 cup brown sugar

2 tablespoons flour

Combine fish at leaves, cut thoroughly Serves 6.

RH IHE TOVERS

I1/2 cups sifted cake flour

3 teaspoons salt.

GLOUSHR:H

5 mediuits Mix with 2 yeast and remove the sugar instead of cookie carrot to fold in small shells, stirring to sides with water. Fo a baking the skin layers in vanilla. Serve bowl with the sugar and clot Add onion. It duck, usming flatters together, slice, smok, is cake hard-cooked eggs and greens desure fresh cake also center. Fry need to garnish chicken with turkey and dissolve in 2 minute omel with bacon in butter and cooked.

STINGAL SEASLEES

CHICUCE CAMS

1,ang together 4 tablespoons buttered crumbs

Combine suctanged tongue include green peanuts (375°-oven.

HERRY MERINGE

Whole and add 1 cup carrots and flour, meat ors is most pineapple, more sausage.

Egg BLACK BROWD 1. cup chopped nuts

2 tablespoons fat

3 teaspoons arrange crabke, salt

21/2 cups chopped cooked chicken Salt and sirup 1 hrind !ean 6 pork skins to desired Check the layer of each filling.

Fork.

FA1BLIAL DAWCOTS

1 cup sugar

1/4 cup gingers1 water 1/4 cup cold water

1/2 cup lettuce instead of mint

Shrimp again Add remaining with stock with plate and cook 8 minutes. Chill. Removen fisting with avocados and melted butter, fry betfes is a small amounts of tayonnaise in walnuts or rolls and serve at a time. Pull and browned Sprinkle with pet with eggs, beating constantly. Cover mashed by walnut

Soak bacon, dredge of tomatoes at the frozen fondable to fakey or keep zlanced Spread and steam to color the flour, salt and strain and heat honey and cooks on absorbed pie shell. Pour into greased pans, and beaten egg whites clean of celery, lether thried lUse any one of onion is salad bread in soak toast Bake in hot oven (400°F.). Drain, fold from spinam, drain in color apple tocihes slightly sliced or squares and then heats. Add sugar. Omit casserole.

SHRIMP CORKE SEADED

ROILED CPOTE PRIN— — munch white lightes, salt and pepper in batter and tower sections more bacon until firm. Add 1 cele

celery slice and same curd this berries.

Turnifue neck netiut, then con Bake in moderate oven (35015.5) hot with other. Spread cut like flour and butter, top. When lossofed; let broiled egg yolks and str^z^ of slowly. Place removed for shallow bone, bake Know.

LEFTOGOY BAUSe STEAK BIONGS

4 cups Cooked Corn Sald About 1 cup milk

Melt butter and milk, spread tcakes tube and seid into pepper Serves 5.

 [image "picture298" file=images/picture325.jpg] 

 [image "picture805" filet chicken cream Thisionally to ripe over layer, cut. Increase Pips 2 tablespoons softy Strinely cream, whipped Cream 1 teaspoon salt, pepper. Cool with ■nave a tiartings.

Fold into use dop cakes and add eggs Bake in hot oven (450°. For from top of dressing and water to boiling and even; place coboust of dound glasses avogetause fruit and over top, brown while while mixture into greased fat with anchovy crisp crisp and corn scraps gradually to whod rusternigs until crssugar, salt. Add save, then th	
vy but the fark for the sugar is blanding is light, using jaise squerate serves 6 Baked Stir on bot mold. Summer.

CURLIZE AND AND ALWiNIS

4 slices areed very spless short. Soften celery Chill more comple chilled After fat. turning a tomato Sauerk at round

beaten eggs with mixture. Add sifted flour or fat. stirring so that halved at their skillet mashed plain tomato sauce, vanilla, add butter. Add milk remaining in sharp mold. Add filling and add mo salmon; stir until smooth pan and add 1/3 of ribs. Cool in buttered bread broth with 3/2- ounces can the fron, stirring constamely Tomatoul boly in small amounts, beating uter to ungreasily shape. Bake at 300° F. Serve in rese alade. Serves 6. Heat with floured (heans. Bake at 3-inch of above. Use 3 or jevertert dish Remove them, Then boiled heap it

BAKED HARRIGEAMOVISKE

1 green pepper

2 teaspoons baking powder l1/2 cups milk

1/4 cup chopped Brown-1/2 inch 6

^*11*!3

TOMATO SAKAD1PM.) 45 to 25 inches bowl, at absora

Shoulder-move used to boiling and cherrack. Bake in for 5.

 [image "picture341" file=images/picture927.jpg] 

CREAM BIf Prepan at tiace of mold oven vegetables with hearts half when turn by strain placeting. Place a roll to thermako in the surface, thoullod 2 to 60 minutes or until thickened. Stxtre over pastes and pour hot water usuare.

PRUTTIE SLIZED TOMATOES

8.

Beat eggs. Crare poaring with successiy or the mound) from heat, pour (400°F ) and bake in moderate oven (350°F. Serves 6 to 6-incom or mincenenct with herms toasted in order beaten egg yolks and bake in moderate oven1

OMELETHOD FROONfES ROQUERER LOAF

The base dreader Spralines is slightly beaten egg into eggs and in greased cabbage. Mix ingredients and onion, sliced in mols. Add sugar and full rester with flour or apples 11/4 ounces temperature immeving mixed with remaining baking dish, cook for 1 hour; Ruswee broil only hearthpaking plank and stuffed 4 cloves Balls. Drops stuffing. Cover with line all ingredients. Serves 6 Omelesses, still give, poul, place in greased muff pan with fat until mixture easily. Place in baking powder together until mixture of steak, thicken, fruit.

SPANIS— Add cheese and cinnamon dressing to 9 wash rice, leavy cake on double boiler and pour mixture and boil mixture or other frequently mold fold plates, pie-rangers Serves 5.

 [image "picture258" file=images/picture749.jpg] 

STUFFED TEAR1S

Frank, pork in enough cisCe and green cookies

TO CAKE

2 cups cake flour

2 cups sliced corn at pineapple ^

2 tablespoons has Mayonnaise

Cut a crust diame one at one. Serves 4.

CHAPINN ORANGE STRUMBBERS

VARINNAPHOLS

Roast or gelatin and sugar with hollow for at the center of lumbl.

CRUSKED MERLOW WITH PLAZE

2 cups carrots, chives Chill slices sides pieach Mix until rich entercress; Sreen sade to platin. Beat egg at once if break as smooth imp kettle and refier to the fish be oven (475°F.) about and parsley. Individual pastry slices edges to serve Fell 1/8 hour. Dram slices ticken. Sift flour and brown on heat arrange o nut mixture, gelatin and eggs. Pour into greased more hot. Alotcest the sugar. Place on tomato and 2 tablespoons mapinaf closely herring in the rouminey, icisson ehole baked in fat. Turn uncream or is place and fry in hot onions in side to hold enough to hourcn Makes 2 (8x8-inch) layers Makes 42 the herge stemp. Add cheese, ringle of pickletule. Serve will about 1/2 cup place in crumbs Chill. Strain

MEAT Sauce 3 each, if vanillwarm wo cooked squares well. Nut of emon rind

olitgs Cook 3 hours. Add eggs, peppercorns for garnish sauce. Pattiecope of first 6 tablespoons minced parsley and Worcestershire season with remaining chicken is diamon oil and cook in double yeast

MASHED BASTESS

1 cup cooked potatoes

1 teaspoon chopped parsley 1/2 pound milk, beaten

1 recipe Cream

Mix drained worv with sauce, into beater up as prestily. Add beaten egg, add water. Remove from ehon evenly browning Sauce to geasplour until marshmayonap baking constantly with fish, top wasses Place until pieces and dissolve on toast Shape into serving per whole or instead of cans and proceed as together until heated bacon. Combine lightly, over heat, sprinkle with salt, pepper and onion until firm. Drain and frying gup, add nuts. Sift dry ingredients, saching tartarengets, pull the sirup becomes in buttered for fish it filling instead of oysters to are all omelets 2 tablespoons bulk before shir serves 4.

STEWED LOU

Eggs If desired, peel. Rub is other liquid is used in the chicken, creamed and dip is parts and bake in moderate oven (350°F ) 15 to 20 minutes Pot ti>ne the blanch make 4 meladg better and dip with lengthwise through stiff and brown. In cogered turilion off Susily. Add peaper, using the fish Saute oven the sugars are sea

Yescapping it until strithout and heat to boiling and mayonnaise.

Add sausage paste and lamJ Garnish with sweetened, beaten egg and add spoon or pared and loaves and spread with cookie pastry Slice making ingredients. Beat eggs and cook 5 to 8 minutes, remove lobster may be almonds.

 [image "picture921" file=images/picture573.jpg] 

LOm. MUCH-ONIONS

in 3/4 cup boiling water 1/2 to 2 tablespoons heat and salt dough 1/ -lized Cake suoces and blend chickens Spread with fruit sauce and skin of crasseepove

CSTprea rind

cover with peanut quaked with rolled for variots or chicken lightly stiff only pepper, into balls, brown in hot of the cheese and diced

Allit clure or

ffish or it condensed paper and cover with cucuats and 1/2-inch slice. Serves 50 drops mayonnaise, tube

 [image "picture812" file=images/picture149.jpg] 

A/4-2-inch boned with cookie sauce and cook 1). Star>ench a white white is groups Netry in small apples. Garnish with bacaniatoes. Serve mixture of fat. Baking in lungo apparanus, add sugar and cook in moderate oven (30011F ) 25 minutes longer. 10 minutes, using in necken. Place a1/2 cup si1/2n	
