USCAKES

Turke., until potatoes Add place Place m sausage on a large layer, dry over top moasted sugar. Pour into Bologna with salt, baking powder, sugar until seeds mixture and add to make a ^vernched. Cut in soaking of pan and rup chocolate and vanilla and chill until firm. Place in pie

DOLBEDED HAND EGGS IN POTATOES —

\1/2-#^ ^V-^^^ cup shredded corn

raprough slice onions

Let stam and eggs and bake Serve at once. Serves 5.

FWun slow oven (325°F.) until heated longer and  used. Remove cloves. Beat egg. Makes 8 tomatoes 3 rolls, dip in insert this use raspberry pan,, then add sifted sharp until firm them Topared m dilatte strips.

Use 3 teaspoons baking powder Vb teaspoon salt 1 bay cooked more gills broth, 1 cup diced cooked ham 1 inch thick Add 2 retyest chopped pometals

Combine flour and surrackfurt.) for the serving purees in a sauce on top

Use dates and c1ot 3/4 cup of necessary Heat whipped cream, dry ingredients flour its filled with crumbs with chops. Season with prated shelled or cream until it to roll the eggs and cook for eggs, then remove whip a pastry over-sherry hot water; cool out cream. Serves 8.

339

PjNES PASTARD CHOCKEN IN CHICKEN PASSEFS

Wash e<1/2 pounds a soft to boiling water Add Creen of bread in a warm tendeatile enill mixing and keeps to 6 tablespoons fasten with sirup meat and place temperature with-meat down A possible from caranulich Brazil, prepared mushrooms, drzer. AVARANISIIGH -

BAKED EGGS

21/2 eggs

2 cups cream

V oniors 1 cup sugar 1/2cup brown sugar 1/2 cup fat

3/4 cup shorteniciallower

2 cups buttered

4 sirup 2 tablespoons chopped prunes

3 egg whites 1/2 cup chopped crab. Pineatple juice

SCILMING—Appe

Bake egg yolk, the m sides of egg may be dry ingredients and sliced board, heat and remove so downen in while flour and salt

Marinainct onion extract.

OSALFON FRISCAISE OPIN1 ALASAND PARTY

3 pounds strawberries

1/4 cup milk

1/4 cup butter

1 cup white Frenched Water

1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce

1 milk

2 cups sifted flour

1 cup sour cream and

1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

3 teaspoons flour

2 eggs, separated 3/4 cup mapickanaw 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon V3 teaspoon salt

1 cup shortening, salt and cook apricots

1 egg Fall

mold milk

Sift flour, remove too mixing only end about 2 inchavideral about pieces

Cook m salmon Slice each addition. Fold into blape out each pecan m half and pour over each slice cooking with baking powder, brown in salt, salted in flour, bay leaf, bistes with firm if melted. Blending impged bettel custard off batter. Sliced egg mixture and bake 25 minutes. Serve dry garlic and spread very flavor until smooth almonds as firmland. Serves 10 hour for 15 minutes Unded from no1 2

loaf of milk, tray of cream cheese onther and each for stuffing or mushrooms, stirring constantly to even over top and form brown. Place flavored with flour the seasonings, then pear th pastry used doughnut sections or sandwiches in grease run treat into preves or nutse fish with nouldis is place and cook well-froction oys of rock kntarthpashes them in batce a greased tomato just bananas and nuts and rrown sugar into center with dressing and bake in hot oven (300°F.). Add orange rind. Pour shaped but hoil is not deep made out of first thoroughly. Rub dough with Cheason until firm, about 25 to 12.

SALAD FI BOLCSL

1 1/2 cups follow 4 cups ground flour

2 teaspoons constantly Parsley toast,

2 tablespoons of, potatoes

Cook sugar. Makes 285

1/2cups onion Pastry Shells

Wash water Chill with small sexs on 7 large. When canned fresh place livers is cabbage. Shape into pieces with fish shortcake or color toast and blend. Fold m mush and over each as the boiling water, boil upst of the decorate the desired. Add stuffing begable and onion with bit is contain; beat until dissolved, arrange Makes 12. BROWN CROQUETTES WHERRY ANGER CREAM

3 ounce cheese

1 onions 1/2 cup cooked peel salmon or lamb I/2 teaspoons butter

I1/2 cups fresh few drops 2 cups water

2 tablespoons lemon juice

1 teaspoon baking powder 1 teaspoon prepare toast

Toast. Heat thoroughly. Z. at eat. Bake. Fold in buttered baking. Add seasonings and surricon and work the vanilla tiaked your cracker under bananas, then requerves Sprinkle in 1/2cup sour cream or very desired to prent cheese. Baste m melted shrequal cheese and prea boiled tin the sauce Beat egg and grilled sugar and fry

rolls, proces are tastes of tartar salad, paprika Beat egg white and make a saucepan with salt. Coot served on body of mush. Pour over serving, salt and cream To cover, add to hot remaining floured bone barberries. Serves 6 to 8,

 [image "picture134" file=images/picture403.jpg] 

The fruit for d-•41omi Side do1/2nite Sauce and parsley; roll in cold whipped cream. Serves 6 to 8.

 [image "picture180" file=images/picture793.jpg] 

 [image "picture494" file=images/picture722.jpg] 

 [images apple Creces or portion and sirup with cream or cranberbetion, diced diamonds Stuffing colase; cook in bread cheese and cook in 1/2-inch thickned. Serves 6 to 10 inch buttered desuress arc slow rack covered meringues.

ARPBICE POTATOESS

249

PLATE OF COFFONES CAKE

1/2 tablespoons butter 4 tablespoons grated orien pinnice hard-cooked egg, chopped Dash medium onions, letter thoroughly Add eggs, selt mixture of water and cream well; add 1/^ of ngremering

flarts, roll dishen and just before layer of spack candyers or continute sless sosed Allow out the creamed mixture. Pour into warm pristraction, add brown. Serve white vagual melted. Add cream and pineapp	
Scotts-MacBook-Pro-893:torch-rnn scottkildall$ th sample.lua -checkpoint /Users/scottkildall/Documents/xenoform_labs/shared-public/Speculative\ Gastronomy/JeannineShinoda/checkpoints/CAI/checkpoint_38700.t7   -length 2000 -gpu -1
^

8 tray

112 cups canned or-Beeved 2 tablespoons butter

3 cups heavy cream 1 skaptiot soups Fry 1 cup cottage corrscorani, peanut meat mushroommed,

1/2 cup crosswise

2 tablespoons lemon, broil in water 2 tablespoons cogonnape sparty

Spread on white over To doys of water;

6. Place bentered soak sides stiff. Fold in shell. Arraney, lea

Bacross strips peaks apples, olive over them slowly Top the vegetables wree chicken, salt, sprinkle with (7x9 inch) loaves, red onion by teress.

The jelly if desire to vegetables slice and chicken lightly. Cood cookla platter. Dip into 2 egg whites of canned bread Spread in a shells. Sprinkle tray. Pour into handle instead of oysters in fat or the rye skin in moderate oven (350°F,) 20 minutes Serves 4.

SMOULT CUPST^

30 large cubes of dough into halves

Mosurgely sauce over liver serving or colored next on for the fratect as together until dissolved. Pour into halves around for lemon juice potatoes lettuce Chill until bars. Cor milk mash Add 2 tablespoons lobster meiatons, dates

Cook apples, 1/2tempescerzer loaf.

WHETTER MAWAUIT

2 eggs

Salt

Dash sour milk to colored board, neck mushrooms, add chicken at each, tube. Add ham or chocolate and cottard or each ham and simmer. for 6.

Ech salad is tender. Serves 6.

HOT SAUSAGE DUPS

4 21/4 to 35 minutes

Half and cook 5 medienty fish of given. Pour the minced parsfellet.

SANT MEAT SOUFF

Wrap in dees. Increach a stuffing in half with layer blanch over ham and boil 305 to 60 minutes (350°F.) about 10 to 80 minutes Serve gradually. Add lemon juice, beat, Worcester cooked beans to spread onto lemon juice, mushoutpon for 5 minutes not againing slices when meat in inding only boiled -id oys firm almost the lize at once ones. Brown cake cup the sugar to othon be dish. Place oil. Wasian on almonds, and the pits together alternad clear of butter. Serves 4 to 30 minutes. Serves 4 to 4 tart butter and cut crake in flour; then rice on hot, c	