
E!) ½ chounes
2 teaspoons frive and stir bestry finely.

The time, fraight up to somes and use wine. Put wine and sugols if the bit oil
Forching, but ufted concesting trong anosta inching

1 PETPERESCINK

OLe small garlic
50g wap.

Erack bith pâtala for 3 moble frying cucon the pugaurs, fally pinzol

galla and tish. Cover tco into a toast.

2 Lime, 1 timmes bugan.

And add the yustra.

Potato Timed

Preheat beches and butter for 10 mimmed and a corate with (a bowl soft. Make the cream with a lemon into the 25 minutes in to the tomatoes and more and dasce onut an potato milk and cool with sabt (seeded and season with no fenfyor and let, cut any chopped

⅓ spring pots and 1 thick the veryly stack, tilting the oven use
3–4 tablespoon can stick over turn to bowl. In a Flast rucking pan and freshly ground black pepper, cool, lime bring and 1 to 6 minutes.

4 Ssufine the ovenproob flay with hot until then patter, unch serve into the sauce. Butter in weze (optioned. Add the make.

4 Measing the spoon)
35ml zest the sauce, remaining Momed in golden.

Preshast the chicken

1 WhIs you dlised pun dove oil, fir, top quick. In a rove to a bool dowes it the shallound such extraN.

juiced
Jok the soizes a Pravest to maining to chearropled and simmer salt, around 2 minutes or onte vime

13 Munch of it had.

3 While the olives. Add the heat holden wlase the slice.

CKeat rameze and gently crissting seaps: squeer 2 pour of another rawranus ary a kith with bowl and simmer bowl (2 5-Pun pepper
1 teaspoon for quarge a boiled water beto baking the remove oils and the garlic to the pan in the pine with a sourdinute and pepper. Great to rary to the pan to make to cheeses. Ther a smoofrninut theed noffless. Sallit and pear
250g 2 quinuté rerve of lemop it of juaces if mushed marni garlic.

4 The puly blery tongs and. Sprinkt olive oil
Simmer on the fry the oven to maeser and glour, abach

1 Meakfre syin with ovenproos coled and the barrit and	
Grantbots-Mac-mini:torch-rnn admin$  th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_6000.t7 -length 4000 -gpu -1
&YS Orand thin simmer of onion
½ cup on the yolen the preanut. Rack the (patter from doante sides.:

Halst rave well the oven to you haring and tomato anjula and Mouster butter
Ackered and have and scrups mallic all a white to coop to sugar as eggs.

RABNOLES DRENÉN WHEDE SANGASSTESPEmakre 2 serving

cook, congent. Cockinch wite and room.

FOR THK TUNFIM. WOTH FEITS TREEN

2 teaspoons flacked trust for you vinoumler, them potato shallots, salt and-purnerowe: clasfry
1 rageled
Salt
1 small pinches 5 to 19-ive the mustir in its mixture into a stir to Beass

Salcother basture a servis comes almonder, salt and poptians into with arouccoasiry will the chopped fresh sauce, 200g halding garing onature
1½ cups cup into corved butter is peelecting and serve in the gently.

To Oen the oider and clomes. Wine serving

1 Pard cure water into the spoon wime and salt and freshly

4 Whirris are salt
40) plate the peasen powden.

Spring a garrigerated gently hand crusies

10 sinchipe leaves (bring to hoad. Do half from the been or is it this becon on top of a smalls pinchend olive and set chocolatem. Season taste.

Yocktiok a dirs, to a plarne. Yolk 2 minutes to the keed toat be-ircon flallon
Salrots with it making salt.

1 Plate large as of siep it is bowned and spoon, brow can a thinly.

out pan whap botatoes until it alonchowes. Fent. Lowners, 3 tablic half
1 large end butter in a upsidg water of the onion a paper, solden (preserabe shep as boil until for-dilles for a apple.

2 Plast an to beesant and stake thin defiling sliced

Ret the fridge and starcky pinch of Mayhellowz, put the sauce
Henth all surmly and bri red corate wrizzally corfleom on lemon of the heat.

Crun the oil until ! musom over all with a skle salmond black pepper

Heat the oven time of sefrour) – the eggs of oil. Refrou finutel, tranchent’, julst.

Bring 1 tsp cook the mushrout and place of salt and thin olive oil
1 tbsk oil insils with. Remove of driem
4 tcaspert of the timmerth; if good spoon, cut in a glass.

Serve time, colard and cooking and water and add to steak.

Heat a smeal for Frop a time af the remon it bacumo slice, nables mo the dipping salt out of the-enyous 1 gins

Pour the corbing, smoy, cut over the heat and thusbower

40g strawner (seef with Jarge onees in a fenillsay
1 large nourtil)
1 slab ponther if is watsly of about 125mme oon suaddoun soimk or a soup flree slower over the repa chilli

1 tbsp clove onion, the pan its preight lowd. Using a pans, leave on a bowde. Seffred and grounces

1 inch crustri, into the grill. Add the mint of it curly roocked banuces, sum-innood to the remove oil
1 3 tablespoon juiced fresh frehed baking flour and light bottoastional)

3 Asparagus crubs until a fips rettin and more lender, then add sedded. Trancesp allet lab-law with medium-trim theep. Drwise, and cover the rack black pepper
1 cliver

Olinic cackered with the piece is dish
30–g garlic bxercess. Use leavy toast somes and set it into until the limes and now let the pan. You 4–5 mixunic, into make the oven a oven. Sprindle the chinle sterate of the swarssaling about 25 minutes
1 tbsp pan separed. Spoon least and let sugar
Gentay, Genely lame salt and poriondles Moans leined. Woametter it igst powder oattinut.

4 Use a bring with the serve, garlic, precola crun-frain
1 (Chopped lice or time over has cubed blagelated and jush oil until slices in combine then walmes on sauce if more handight lain pinch, back well evefrough remousse
45g flatbred
1 tsp egg beancess
2 cup place the nutfed preshit but redure over the riced are for 2s cooked macker e–8 frangs (rain the butter, sunadolor 1 to 4 minutes.

a small drizzle, skin hrom a bum on the heat they the pan yollow for 1–20 minutes and heat the heat, potato. Spourdoy, neasf. Cook it the glour. Smolder the batter in, cooking, baking a plate is plashans (proum oil of leave ¼ minutes goast and inchess and then stock. Crimbare
1 tablespoons	
Grantbots-Mac-mini:torch-rnn admin$ [C]: at 0x0107404370
Grantbots-Mac-mini:torch-rnn admin$  th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_6000.t7 -length 2000 -gpu -1
E!) ½ chounes
2 teaspoons frive and stir bestry finely.

The time, fraight up to somes and use wine. Put wine and sugols if the bit oil
Forching, but ufted concesting trong anosta inching

1 PETPERESCINK

OLe small garlic
50g wap.

Erack bith pâtala for 3 moble frying cucon the pugaurs, fally pinzol

galla and tish. Cover tco into a toast.

2 Lime, 1 timmes bugan.

And add the yustra.

Potato Timed

Preheat beches and butter for 10 mimmed and a corate with (a bowl soft. Make the cream with a lemon into the 25 minutes in to the tomatoes and more and dasce onut an potato milk and cool with sabt (seeded and season with no fenfyor and let, cut any chopped

⅓ spring pots and 1 thick the veryly stack, tilting the oven use
3–4 tablespoon can stick over turn to bowl. In a Flast rucking pan and freshly ground black pepper, cool, lime bring and 1 to 6 minutes.

